checks the operator table for all possible operators matching a given name .
qualify this binding key with the given instance of an annotation .
change package name for datageneratorexception .
get parameter value or null if parameter does not exist .
returns a view of the mappings contained in this map . the set should actually contain unmodmap . unentry items but that return signature is illegal in java so you ll just have to remember .
sets the value of the erbpacht property .
create the map implementation
> = greater or equals than operator
creates json result from given object . the object will be serialized to json .
defines excluded property names .
checks whether there are any resources registered from the source
printing an elk object through an appender .
returns a list of listeners for the specified event .
adds a prefix to the database by name .
loads properties from input stream . stream is not closed at the end .
terminates this intention selector thread .
get the last component of a name .
gets the next element from the sequence the cached one if one has already been generated or creating and caching a new one if not . if the cached element from a previous call has not been consumed then subsequent calls to this method will not advance the iterator .
sets sent date in msgtoset with sent date from emailwithdata .
interrupt the associated network manager .
this method is used mostly during writing ebml bitstream . it answers the following question how many bytes should be used to encode unsigned integer value
asserts if the current object has a form attribute while being a direct child of the top level xsdschema element which isn t allowed throwing an exception in that case .
the footers for the files
finds index of the first character in given charsequence the matches any from the given set of characters .
get the tile density based upon the display density scale and tile dimensions
checks if is user formula .
find candidate types for compaction . no two types in the returned set will have a dependency relationship either directly or transitively .
wraps an observablesource into an observable if not already an observable .
checks if this model has a reference to the given template file .
start the appender
create pie 3d chart .
returns the set of clusters managed by a server .
prepares validation messages . key is either validation constraint class name or violation name .
computes the servlet context relative url to call this handler using a server - side invocation . hides the details about creating a valid url and providing the authorization key required to invoke this handler .
writes an ncml element to an output stream .
unwraps invocation and undeclared exceptions to real cause .
transform view angle coordinates in the goes scan geometry frame to view angle coordinates in the geos scan geometry frame .
true if the point is contained inside the quadrilateral .
reads a marker byte from the input stream .
creates criteria from a list . this is used to configure criteria in json .
add a new status object .
opens a resource of the specified name for reading . controls caching that is important when the same jar is reloaded using custom classloader .
adds several arguments .
validate that the timeouts for unblocking publications from a client are valid .
outputs an int into a byte array .
convert 4 bytes into a signed integer .
find all occurences of the match in original and substitute the subst string directly into the original .
get primitive wrappers
stitching like sql percent .
creates a jackson objectnode from a graph element .
returns true if the two quadrilaterals are equal to each other to within tolerance . equality is defined by seeing if the distance between two equivalent vertexes is within tolerance .
create a new netcdf file with fill mode true .
retrieves an existing flow step via step .
rete visits each of its objecttypenodes .
removes the object pool for the specified profile table . if a transaction manager is used then the removal is only after the tx commit .
factory method that returns a regexpanddurationtimecoverageenhancer instance that will apply the match pattern to the dataset name .
see if this conditionterm matches the given conditionterm . this is an and operation . all the factors in the conditionterm must match .
create a proxy region
this methods gets locators to rollup a slot .
setter for concept - sets the relevant concept searched in the ontology .
perform version checks with specific min spring version
generates new csrf token and puts it in the session . returns generated token value .
obtains a user details service for use in remembermeservices etc . will return a caching version if available so should not be used for beans which need to separate the two .
checks that the decryption input is a valid type otherwise sends the record to stageexception .
open a database specified by name using the username and password if needed
converts a value in the convertible derived unit to the equivalent value in this unit .
backs up the current table to a csv file .
analyze - ascertain potentially - useful facts about an optimized nfa
writes an object using its tostring method to the named file . the object may optionally be appended to the file or may overwrite it .
get the allocation mode from the context
compresses for lzma2 .
creates an executor service suitable for use by logback components .
compose unique key to store and access robot rules in cache for given url
merge all errors of this binding into this result
allow for external loading
inits the procedure that checks if a server is no longer available ie . if he did not ping for a long time
starts http tunnel . method ends when the tunnel is stopped .
method to check if the last added polymer element is a peptide or a rna
generate grib1 tables for the cdm based on the localconcept files from ecmwf grib - api
not be used as a delegate otherwise we endup in endless recursion .
sets the value of the villa property .
decodes url elements . this method may be used for all parts of url except for the query parts since it does not decode the + character .
execute the create class .
creates an add operation using the specified address and parameters
manually query for rows within the geometry envelope
remove the appender passed as parameter form the list of appenders .
erase the last rectangle and draw a new one from the anchor point to this point .
returns transactions by address with limit .
returns true if the first order by field matches fieldname
delete an existing attachment .
get the value for the property and translate it into datastore format .
convert an int to an array of 4 bytes .
get the endpoint address from the uri .
set this square matrix from a 2 - d array of values . if the values are not square only the upper left square is used .
evaluate boolean express .
handles links embedded in an http response .
closes requests connection if it was open . should be called when using keep - alive connections . otherwise connection will be already closed .
especially when parsing incomplete rules
calls the destroy on the cos naming server
helper method to execute a callback on a given member . this method encapsulates the error handling logic and the handling of accessibility of the member .
print status messages retrospectively
enables basic authentication by adding required header .
gets the value of the interessent property .
remove a vertex from this graph
get the parameter with id . if not found look in default table .
catalogcrawler . listener
persons in string representation .
removeandtryclose a connection
sets the value of the produktion property .
generate a product from a single piece .
delete the style mapping with the geometry type value
set the type of place to search for .
create a writer builder for com . helger . genericode . v04 . codelistsetdocument .
creates a new double range type with the specified name if it does not already exist .
puts the given value under the given key into this storage for the index with the given index id . validates the operation using the provided validator .
checks whether the log messages contain the expected exception .
find tab index with name .
get the remote file name .
convert ptg .
creates a new belief set with the given fields .
scans first 100 files to decide if its a leaf . if so it becomes a directorycollection else a partitioncollection .
render the given template string as a string based on the parameter values associated with this context
skips a field name if necessary returning the current token then .
write contents to a file using utf - 8 encoding .
adds a function to the library . the function will be inspected to determine whether it is a boolean or basetype function .
e is the next element to be started if we know what it is
sets the writer to which all output is written .
converts a object into a multi type data object .
setup binary content with the file descriptor .
monitor the job only produces an html fragment of the current job state
create a new primitive vector using a subset of the data .
processes getcapabilities requests .
convert tabs to spaces .
gets feature specific learning rates adagrad keeps a history of gradients being passed in . note that each gradient passed in becomes adapted over time hence the opname adagrad
convert a map of env vars to a list of k8s envvar objects .
copies bytes from the input stream to the output stream
and over the whole ndarray given some condition with respect to dimensions
get the coverage data tile results by zooming in or out as needed from the provided tile matrix to find values
delete the feature table style for the geometry type
convert the item with the received key to a record .
returns a vertex by an id .
finds closest power of two for given integer value . idea is simple duplicate the most significant bit to the lowest bits for the smallest number of iterations possible and then increment result value by 1 .
testing 1 - 2 - 3
add a parameter to a coordinatetransform . make sure that the variable exists . if readdata is true read the data and use it as the value of the parameter otherwise use the variable name as the value of the parameter .
generates the log4j logger name for the tracer with specified named and notification source .
get a rectangle using the tile width height bounding box and the bounding box section within the outer box to build the rectangle from
returns the compression handler that can be used for one compression methods offered by the server .
set the json config .
release resources - undo the read of the catalog . this is needed when crawling large catalogs . for modest catalogs that you will repeatedly examine do not use this method .
set property value to simulate dependency injection .
will return the result of merging tomerge into mergedmetadata
returns the integer value with the specified key .
replace the byte stored at position index in this stream with value
construct input fields based on projection class
notifies handler that a new transaction has been created .
updates the decimal slider field .
opens a roster store
adjust the tile matrix set and web mercator bounds for geopackage format . determine the tile grid width and height
create the right event loop according to current platform and system property fallback to nio when epoll not enabled .
ensures that the segment at segmentindex exists
get a node s right child . mind you the node may not exist . no problem
formats the library of functions for a language .
default routings they are over writable .
check for valid groups
notify the task it has been rejected
prefer smaller ranks in case more than one
collects all interceptors .
write a quoted and escaped value to the output .
applies a supplemental hash function to a given hashcode which defends against poor quality hash functions .
lazy instantiation .
retries at most times or until the predicate returns false whichever happens first .
validate the value of the float unbiased exponent value .
cparc - allocate a new arc within an nfa copying details from old one
makes a new node of the same type as this one from a successor state .
clean the string representation of a line in the localconcept file . basic removal of tabs semicolons single quotes etc .
will save the persistenceprovideradaptor at the top level application deployment unit level for sharing with other persistence units
converts a line from polar form to parametric .
parse all subordinate catalogs .
tests if the set represented by given data array contains a given object .
builds the target url according to the logic defined in the main class javadoc
add a dependency to this component . if the same dependency is added multiple times only the first will take effect .
read data from a top level variable and return a memory resident array .
converts numerical values from this unit to the derived unit . obviously the numerical values are unchanged .
copy the values of the given attributes into the target object using the specified setter methods mapped by attribute name .
signals the completion of the main sequence and switches to post - completion replay mode .
get value of the named cookie or null if cookie does not exist .
hook for debugging profiling . register a fstserialisationlistener to use
execute a function with the given execution settings
adds a client interceptor to the given method
turn this into a result set
sends the specified packet to the server .
parse the satellite information from the header .
gets login config meta data from jboss web meta data . if not found it creates new login config meta data and associates them with jboss web meta data .
process all the bytes in the stream
returns a new mutableset of the values . this data definition method is one of the few methods in this project that support varargs . if the input contains duplicate elements later values overwrite earlier ones .
does the supplied content contain an xml opening tag . if the parse state is currently in an xml comment then this method always returns false . it is expected that all comment tokens will have consumed for the supplied content before passing the remainder to this method .
create resources used by this component .
registers endpoint and its config .
get the coverage data tile results by zooming in from the provided tile matrix
check the position of xmid .
substitutes built - ins within a clause with their built - in definitions .
injects target into wrapper .
make deep copy from an arraystructure to a arraystructurebb whose data is contained in a bytebuffer
called by class iterator .
use the list of dsnamers to name the given list of datasets .
converts float pcm samples stored in floatbuf to integer representation according to format and stores them in buf
getname is deprecated because as the code below shows it has no consistent meaning . sometimes it returns the short name sometimes it returns the full name .
show the window .
sets the value of the phoneinfo property .
stops the purge thread .
this gets called from the http post handler or event bus handler .
prints the heading together with the separators
returns the extracted version from filename
should continue .
start a column inside a block
copies any local configuration files into the app directory
instantiates an evaluator of the given class and sets its name .
removes the least recently used elements if the cache size is greater than or equal to the maximum allowed size until the cache is at least 10% empty .
returns transactions by address with limit after passed transaction id .
sets the value of the phone2 property .
get a header for display .
creates a clone of this scope to be attached to the tree at the site of a mixin reference . if an argumentsnode is passed each of its values override those defined by the mixin s parameters .
list the set of jbossobjects
handle the case in rfc3986 section 5 . 4 . 1 example 7 and similar .
make sure that the active code have proper rights to access the file inside protected directory .
flushes data to db and closes the db . call this once after vertices and edges creation .
delete an entire tree starting from the deepest part of the tree and working back up . will stop the moment a permission denied is encountered either for read or for delete .
evaluates the sdc . operation . type header for a record and returns the equivalent couchbase write operation type .
visits an annotation on a local variable type .
send a custom jsonobject user message to a single peer .
returns true if the projectrequest is created
get the bounding box for the feature tile generator from the provided and from the feature table
fire a property removed event to the given list of listeners .
add jars whose names contain the given patterns to the job s classpath .
verifies that the matches returned by the match finder are valid . this is meant to be used in an assert statement . this is totally useless for actual encoding since match finder s results should naturally always be valid if it isn t broken .
takes a potential expression and converts it into xml form
set the server time in millis .
copies all destination type annotations to the target .
returns setter .
retrieve all collaboration items to where logged in user .
get the inheritable threddsmetadata object . if doesnt exist create new empty one
do the conversion and return a nodemap representing the conversion .
sets the ping interval .
set depth = n
write an array of data characters with escaping .
adds a new constant_long_info or constant_double_info to the constant pool of this symbol table .
set the structure to wrap .
first set new current value then call next
converts the execution context to an executor preparing it first .
do lazy lookup .
find the last leadership term in the recording log .
close the merge and stop any active replay . will remove the replay destination from the subscription . will not remove the live destination if it has been added .
load web sheet from giving workbook with data object .
creates an undefine - attribute operation using the specified address and name .
write ncfile to a writablebytechannel .
process event .
takes all added operations and writes an operations metadata section .
creates a new entry but wraps the value in a softvalue instance to enable auto garbage collection .
create all prepared statements use in this class for metrics_locator
lookups value as an alias and if not found as a default alias .
returns the file name without its path or extension . this method is named after the basename unix command .
get 1 notification by id .
javax . persistence . query & javax . persistence . typedquery
verifies tha the command is legal and able to be executed
return the referenced data as a stream potentially performing a remote lookup .
allows iterating over children of this uber node which have a data attribute .
add a new entry with the specified key value and hash code to the specified bucket . it is the responsibility of this method to resize the table if appropriate .
write a file to the response stream .
check if this is a valid sigmet - iris file for this ioserviceprovider .
builds the cell comment fromalias .
validates whether offset names match in the stored offset with respect to table configuration
print the contents of the context status but only if they contain warnings or errors occurring later then the threshold .
if it is not
sets the value of the gruppe property .
peeks ahead for the given token type and if one is foudn with that type it is consumed .
write the value as a varint into the array starting at the specified position .
helper method for immutable transaction execution .
adds a constant_invokedynamic_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . also adds the related bootstrap method to the bootstrapmethods of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
upload the transformation zip with the stylesheet into archive .
updates the hash associated with the resource for a give groupname .
convert header flags to an array of chars to be human readable .
take two slices and compose src wrt target assume neither argument is null . this code should match ucar . ma2 . section in thredds and dceconstraint . c in the netcdf - c library .
this method just makes sure that the replica count provided in xml config overrides the default option ; and resource fragments are always given topmost priority .
find a set of imported resources inside a given resource .
defines filter for subject field .
gets the actual value of a term which is either the term itself or in the case of variables the value that is currently assigned to the variable . when the variable is free the variable term itself is returned .
set the channel field as ascii
writes a string that represents a contentcategory s json name returning success status . if the factory is in strict mode the category name is validated .
query for geometry metadata count within the geometry envelope
check for potential duplicate file exception before archive processing starts
sets the value of the apisuchfeld3 property .
starts the weld container
removes a prefix from a path . if the path does not start with the prefix the unchanged path is returned .
gets the cluster status .
stops the user session by removing it from the http session and invalidating the cookie .
this creates a list of children comparators based on the child list .
convert an integer to a 16 - digit hex string .
called at the start of a match . arguably we could just construct a new dfa each time .
override the module loader with the given play modules .
visits information about an inner class . this inner class is not necessarily a member of the class being visited .
creates the directory that will be used for unpacking the child jars for a given du .
executes import with configuration ;
query for geometry metadata within the bounding box projected correctly
check the given status code and throw a webdav exception if the code indicates failure . if the code is success this method does nothing .
returns collection that contains at least all individuals that are in taxonomy but either are removed from ontology or their context became not saturated .
makes a transaction from the initial state to the running state or no transition if the current state is not initial .
this method resets all counters
we could also use an annotation?
injects target instance into proxy using default target field name .
skipped region cells .
gets the inits the rows from config .
gets the item by key from the mapping .
search the outgoing edges looking for an edge whose s edge . to == dest .
locates gzipped version of bundle file . if gzip file does not exist it will be created .
read a byte of data from the file blocking until data is available .
retrieve xcolor from scheme color .
sets the value of the area property .
same as findfile but throws an exception if the file was not found .
ensure that given directory exists .
get the coordinate index for the record
sets the state of the previous available flag and notifies any listeners of this change .
returns a filter that selects those declarations selected by either this filter or another .
will check if a given resource was changed and will invoke the appropriate callback .
add in a new product
public by accident .
read file and returns byte array with contents .
create an iso - 2 country code from an iso - 3 country code .
returns the connected incoming or outgoing vertex .
creates an instance of memcachedclient .
used by coordinatend . makesparsearray ; not used by coordinatetime2d
logs out . if keberos is enabled it logs out from the kdc otherwise is a nop .
attempt to write a string pre - encoded with the page encoding .
specifies the search path . throws an exception if uri is invalid .
tidies trail when a choice point is being discarded and a previous choice point it being made the current one .
the edge parameter specifies which edges the user is dragging .
add an attribute to a group .
commit the offset . required after take has returned a non - null value .
is this action input parameter required based on the presence of a default value the parameter annotations and the kind of input parameter .
puts a byte and a short into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
store the default frame header to the log meta data buffer .
support ? as parameter
get the style paint from cache or create and cache it
refresh cached cell .
specifies the new index .
this supposed to be the central place where the reasoner gets its configuration options
remove the entry associated with key and call destroy on the entry if found .
adjust bounding box to fit inside the screen size
setter for predicate - sets the predicate of the triple - always a uri .
convert a period string into a calendarperiod . field .
save data in context .
write the type field for a frame .
sets the value of the properties property .
offset will be negative if we are in truncate mode .
turns a parseexception into a opendap dap2 error and sends it to the client .
visits a field instruction . a field instruction is an instruction that loads or stores the value of a field of an object .
provisions a new t .
get the actions string . the actions string will be a canonical version of the one passed in at construction .
check if the passed column id is a key column in the specified column set
order elements according to the order provided by the include statements . if no includes has been configured return the given list unaltered . otherwise arrange the elements from the list in to the include order and return a new list .
return the set of leading protocols for a url ; may be more than one .
interpret a presentation file as a list of executable actions
initialize the map
drop a vertex class .
list a range of recording descriptors .
adds a new constant_methodhandle_info to the constant pool of this symbol table .
initiates the websocket connection . this method does not block .
build a where clause from the bounds for overlapping ranges
get the affine transform based on screen size and world bounding box
calculate a position given an azimuth and distance from another point . see details below . uses default earth .
the location latitude and longitude .
isolate front page builder so we can override if desired for testing .
collection was changed update internal objects . called by collectionupdater trigger via handlecollectionevent so in a quartz scheduler thread
transform embedded space to _
gets the value of the zimmer property .
instruct rest assured to connect to a proxy using a uri .
this method returns device id available . round - robin balancing used here .
create an unclassified version of ourself
encodes the given uri query parameter with the given encoding .
enumerates the names bound in the named context along with the objects bound to them . the contents of any subcontexts are not included .
find the least node from a given node . very useful for starting a sorting iterator ...
waits for all threads to finish .
subtracts the given value from this one and returns the result in reduced form .
look probably desnt work
gets a long from a byte buffer in little endian byte order .
resolves the specified variable within the given context . returns null if the variable is not found .
encode this picture as a p - frame . p - frame is an frame predicted from one or more of the previosly decoded frame and is usually 10x less in size then the idr frame .
determines if the polugon is convex or concave .
executes a query which returns all rows in the entity table that match the fields of the example object having values other than the defaults .
get global variable value .
and this thread is still iterating over activeagents
add a dataset scan
lookup the value from the naming context .
read all the pixels from the image
parses input dot - separated string that represents a path .
stream directly from the storage
builds the single cell .
loads base properties from java map using provided prefix . null values are ignored .
finds a bid by id .
returns system property as boolean .
verify that the config definition s dependency actually maps to a valid config definition
add a chsub
mbean operation for getting deployer status .
sets the value of the wald property .
find an attribute definition that applies to a particular attribute filter .
assumes not moving
gets the value of the wiederholungstermin property .
returns the number of bytes that are available before this stream will block . this method returns the number of bytes available in the buffer plus those available in the source stream .
return last name part of an fqn ; result will be escaped .
store user information in a cookie logged in .
returns the long id of the attribute .
test if this file is an xml file
creates web . xml descriptor meta data .
transforms a post processor into pre processor .
never call this method only override in subclasses to perform job getting in a specific way normally tied to the data structure holding the jobs .
copy on modify
the old deserialize protocol has a number of limitations stemming from its inability to tell when the sequence is finished . it s really only good for a dataset containing a single sequence or where the sequence is the last thing in the dataset . to handle this we just read single instances until we get an ioexception then stop .
performs cubic interpolation between two values bound between two other values
provides a transactional requeue that delays all queue manipulation operations until the transaction is committed or erases them if it is rolled back . as this is a requeue the requeue buffer may be examined directly and the queue fully supports browsing with iterators .
getter for label - gets the semantic role label .
write the contents of this bodyjspwriter into a writer . subclasses are likely to do interesting things with the implementation so some things are extra efficient .
creates key managers using the receiver s key store configuration .
await successful completion of all previously submitted tasks . throw exception of the first failed task if 1 or more tasks failed .
get the decoder that can decode the information in this demuxer stream .
gets the value of the stpsonstige property .
databasename may be null .
removes the mapping for this key from this map if present .
| = in list operator
serializes an object and returns the base64 - encoded version of that serialized object .
constructs a key store factory bean using jsse system properties .
the ones that dont start with thredds
writes a buffer of data to the log system .
this whole method is synchronized on the advice of goetz2006 p . 347
configures oauth 2 . 0 client support .
encodes the given uri fragment with the given encoding .
there may be multiple child injectors blacklisting a certain key so only remove the source that s relevant .
specify excluded jars .
copies new data into the lzencoder s buffer .
get a connection
creates random string whose length is the number of characters specified . characters are chosen from the set of characters specified .
clear the cached entities .
type in (
keeps the set of flags indicating which window components are present up - to - date .
defines mime type by providing real mime type or just extension!
create a new instance without classifier and extension
ends a block once all column chunks have been written
returns inner map from the props with given prefix . keys in returned map will not have the prefix .
send a text to a specific collection of websocket connections
remove implicit field mapping
extracts all elements from an iterator usually created from a filterator and adds them into the target collection returning that collection as the result .
encodes the given uri host with the given encoding .
returns value of bean s property .
returns a string with all request parameter information .
helper method to create a &lt ; user_defined_simplefield&gt ; element with a feldname attribute and a string value .
locates the spring security remember me cookie in the request and returns its value . the cookie is searched for by name and also by matching the context path to the cookie path .
is a media driver active in the given directory?
checks how many parameters have been received .
add a textarea field .
stops the joy .
indicates whether enough time has elapsed since receiving the results of the previous query so that a new one can be sent even if the buffer is not empty . applies to asynchronous clients only .
returns whether the given shape is a vector
calculates the modulo of a coordinate with the bucket size . correctly calculates this module for negative coordinates such the the first negative bucket is - 1 with element 0 corresponding to - 100 running to 99 corresponding to - 1 .
setter for aspects - sets aspects of the gold standard passage .
extracts zip file content to the target directory .
gets the projectiontype .
appends a logging event to the remote event reciever .
validates that the given value is valid according to the kubernetes id parsing rules throwing an exception if not .
parse the local host port of the channel .
acquires a database engine from the pool . once finished using it the instance must be returned in the pool by calling the method
make a sequence for the part
sets the value of the realestateitems property .
gets the value of the userdefinedsimplefield property .
visits a package declaration .
parse the local host ip of the channel .
exceptions from synchronizations that are registered with this tsr are not trapped for before completion . this is because an error in a sync here should result in the transaction rolling back .
find vmldrawing part according to cell .
make an authorization decision based on a spring el expression . see the expression - based access control chapter in spring security for details on what expressions can be used .
search up the scope tree to locate the variable s value . the parser has already verified that the variable is defined .
interleaves audio samples in ins into outb using sample size from the format
do we have an axes of the given type?
sets the content .
atomically rolls the datawindow of all aggregators associated with the aggregatordataprovider .
registers the springsessionrepositoryfilter .
convenience method for adding an integer option .
the files that comprise the collection . actual paths including the grib cache if used .
checks to see if two arrays are equals
to find out if an uri matches an url pattern in jsp config . if so then the uri is a jsp page . this is used primarily for jspc .
add table join to this cursor level
sets the cookie on the response .
walk this variable including fields to construct sequence types for any contained vlen dimensions
helper method to create a sort that is a composite of other sorts .
set how indexes are used for both open and sync
check if an app has the correct matching signature . used to prevent malicious apps from impersonating other apps .
method to generate the right polymerelements in the case of chem and blob only one monomer is allowed
get types from values .
upon leaving the clause sets the nonargposition flag on any constants that need it .
read the properties from the timer - sql and extract the database dialects .
top level vlen
read data subset from file for a variable create primitive array .
specifically reads a given summary file
when component resizes we need a new buffer
read file content to a string
gets the cell font style .
transfer all metadata optionally also inheritable metadata from parents
applies a move to generate a new board position . this creates a new state object and updates its board position . the board position in this object is not changed .
load work sheet .
getter for text - gets the candidate answer string .
sets an sbb aci data field value
prefixes role with defaultroleprefix if defaultroleprefix is non - null and if role does not already start with defaultroleprefix .
finish constructing the object model . this construsts the global variables attributes and dimensions . it also looks for coordinate variables .
returns a trimmed string or the original one if it is below the threshold set in the configuration .
apply a list of preprocessors on a resource .
get the cpu architecture based on the passed in javacpuarch specifier .
writes string . append = false
this implementation will try to locate the provided resource inside contextfolder configured by standalonecontext . if a resource cannot be located the next contextfolder from the list will be tried . the first successful result will be returned .
set the arraychar values from the characters in the string . rank must be 1 . if string longer than arraychar ignore extra chars ; if shorter fill with 0 .
does not handle non - standard calendars
for internal use only
generate json by given java properties
skips over complete object . it is not parsed just skipped . it will be parsed later but only if required .
starts the service . registers server activity sets transaction listener on local transaction context and creates and installs deployment controller service .
remove all but printable ascii
returns current locale from session . s
parses optional keywords between the iwords . if a keyword is found but doesn t match with iwords then a syntaxerror is raised .
builds a service component contained in the specified du jar file with the specified and adds it to the specified deployable unit .
returns petite bean instance . petite container will find the bean in corresponding scope and all its dependencies either by constructor or property injection . when using constructor injection cyclic dependencies can not be prevented but at least they are detected .
create a new variable that is a logical slice of this variable by fixing the specified dimension at the specified index value . this reduces rank by 1 . no data is read until a read method is called on it .
convenience method for reporting log in failure
computes the reference mask for a logging event including flags to indicate whether mdc properties or exception info is available for the event .
loop through the filters in the list . as soon as a filter decides on accept or deny then that value is returned . if all of the filters return neutral then neutral is returned .
get dataformat from metadata record .
create an iso - 3 country code from an iso - 2 country code .
closes and unregisters the mbean for the specified profile if exists
this method returns first index matching given condition
get which cf version this is ie cf - 1 . x
factory method for record filter which applies the supplied predicate to the specified column . note that if searching for a repeated sub - attribute it will only ever match against the first instance of it in the object .
starts the billing agreement flow for paypal with custom paypal approval handler .
builds a query string from given query map .
scan the term buffer for availability of new message fragments from a given offset up to a maxlength of bytes .
this method creates new functionproperties instance from flatbuffers representation
for the sort field
parse an xml file to dom
stores result set .
read all default profiles first then merge in custom profiles found on the classpath
write the database info and associated tables to a file in support of incremental compilation .
checks the start of the file for ascii control characters
build a sheet for configuration map .
associates the given key with the given value in the map defined by the keys and value arrays . if an entry with the key equal to the given one already exists in the map the value for this key will be overwritten with the given value .
change shape of the data variables
populate the model of a database and its associated tables from a file in support of incremental compilation .
writes content to original output stream using either output stream or writer depending on how the content was buffered . it is assumed that provided content is a modified wrapped content .
throws fstbuffertoosmallexception in case object does not fit into given range
extract props of given profiles .
returns servlet meta data for requested servlet name .
set the given property on this resource .
serialize the given object to a byte array .
converts a string to camel case .
a variable is tiled if any of its dimensions are tiled
get a collection of profileid objects that identify all the profiles contained in the specified profile table . the collection returned is immutable . any attempt to modify it either directly or indirectly will result in a java . lang . unsupportedoperationexception being thrown .
lookup for named parameter .
init counters in hadoop s mapred api which is used by cascading and hive .
configures default options .
this is called when jdbc target didn t find sdc . operation . code in record header but found oracle . cdc . operation . since oracle . cdc . operation contains oracle specific operation code we need to convert to sdc operation code .
returns buffered output stream if buffering is enabled otherwise returns the original stream .
check if the max packet size is smaller than the real packet size
factory method for constructing a unitname from a name and a plural form of the name .
create a simple multiline label .
so that the argument can be safely pushed
starts the remote server . add test libraries first before calling this .
creates a list of random points from a uniform distribution along each axis
adds another template to the list . if the list does not exist it will be created .
get thread status and create one if specified .
get an index iterator for traversing the array in canonical order .
selects a vector which will be perpendicular .
initializes child nodes list when needed . also fix owner document for new node if needed .
detects if provided class name is a primitive type . returns > = 0 number if so .
collect device information for fraud identification purposes .
removes expired logs from the database
adds a then action into the rule .
might need to override for efficiency
triggers the action .
removes item associated with passed in key .
outputs bundle file to the response .
gets the value of the row property .
sets the content type header for the http response
adds a dependency for the componentconfiguration on the remote transaction service if the ejb exposes at least one remote view
return a copy of the current thread s context map . returned value may be null .
take all previously identified coordinate systems and create a coordinatesystem object .
ignore the following it s needed to run the deep dive
open one of the nested datasets as a template for the aggregation dataset .
sets the value of the gas property .
take the given array as input . the array is not copied .
returns an html table with all the values of the specified property .
create the sample ruleflow file .
child threads should get a copy of the parent s hashmap .
for testing purposes
appends a display string for of the members of this group to sb
get the array of elevations for this sweep .
get member databuffer of type string or char .
resolve deserialisation references so that the singleton property of each enumerated object is preserved .
rebuild the backing array with a different size .
add all external databases to the collection
executes actions scheduled for after a rollback
write field only when the value is set
this filtering is required in order to ensure that no nulls are passed ( which happens when using gson for deserializing json collection .
get the last segment of a path the filename
adds a proxy aspect .
add a new writer and its memory allocation to the memory manager .
adds a pre passivate interceptor
if we have callstack metadata prepend it to the message
parse header value & puts the found values in headersmap field .
gets the ending index of a geometry s points given the index of the geometry within the array .
evaluates a script from a reader .
adding custom query condition and value
add a set of menuitems to the given jmenu one for each possible l&f . if this platform doesnt support the l&f disable the menuitem .
removes last camelword
sets the value of the einfamilienhaus property .
copy array a to array result as bytes the array a and result must be type boolean
remove the given slot from the running group after it has been successfully re - rolled .
adds a sub - query predicate .
log of x + 1 function
prints the bad url page page to the passed printwriter
true if increasing z coordinate values means up in altitude
generate the header attributes
writes a record as response . the record is serialized in json format .
choosing return type is based on existence of
getter for candidateanswers - gets candidateanswervariants generated from this searchresult .
adder method for a deployable component .
write a dif record for a specific dataset
open a featuredataset from an dataset object deciding on which access to use .
iterates on all factories and append all command names .
returns a new persistenthashmap of the given keys and their paired values skipping any null entries .
make it easy to test by using dimension list
retrieves all role information .
de - serialize a byte array back to it s original object .
count of tiles at a zoom level
get scalar member data of type short .
gets the value of the einzelhandel property .
discretize elements of array to a lower resolution . for example if resolution = 100 . the value 3 . 14159265358979 will be changed to 3 . 14 .
get the count of the cursor and close it
performs a single step of this plan i . e . progresses this intention .
set the default icon of the feature row
add another complex number to this one .
cannot do approx equals and be consistent with hashcode so make seperate call
tries to attaches an sbb entity
compares this base quantity to another base quantity .
get java double array for a member of type double .
executes a process and returns the process output and exit code .
called by eventbus this is where the trigger comes in
returns the min value of the object with the property given .
analyze the response command and generate the response object .
allow enricher to add metadata to the resources .
sets the value of the stand property .
applies a 2d special euclidean transform to the point and stores the results in another variable .
initialize the paths we ll search for libraries in .
returns the last key in this map or throws a nosuchelementexception if the map is empty .
update all rows matching the where clause with the provided values
returns the signed of the vector . if its in front it will be positive and negative if behind . in front is defined as being on the same side as the cross product of p2 - p0 and p1 - p0 .
adds sockethandler to certain logger this logger must exist prior this function is called
append a log entry for a snapshot .
setter for text - sets the candidate answer string .
sets the content from a named resource .
removes the first select from the sql query .
modifies web meta data to configure webservice stack transport and properties .
avalanches the bits of an integer by applying the finalisation step of murmurhash3 .
tests if a property of a set of examples has the same value for all the examples . this algorithm works by iterating through the examples until two different values are found or the end of the collection is reached having found only one value .
make sure that each version has api impl and injection
creates a new string that contains the provided string a number of times .
registers a rule to be audited .
method to display result of operation .
applies a generated license for the server .
finds and converts all statistics files in a given directory to csv
loads and parses a schema for the specified schema id from the schema registry
attach an imageresource to the button .
closes thread session .
specifies the source image to convert .
get all configured rule interpreter plugins .
tells if the channel is connected .
swaps two sequences of elements using a provided swapper .
retrieves the set of sbbs used by this service
the input tuple contains a bag of string representations of tuplesummarydata
used only for testing
adds an interceptor factory to all methods of a view
get the parameters .
do we have all the dimensions in the list?
override bindings using guiceable modules .
compute generalized eigenvalues of the problem a x = l b x . the data will be unchanged no eigenvectors returned .
this is called on tds shutdown and reinit
specify an explicit default multipart boundary to use when sending multi - part data .
get the currently selected invdataset .
get a style mapping dao from a table name
adds a binding to the map for the given key .
add another matrix to this matrix .
return the ldapuserdetails containing the user s information
is v a coordinate axis for this feature type?
creates a socket representing a connection to a cloud sql instance .
adds a rule . duplicates are not allowed and will be ignored .
get the osfamily based on the passed in osname specifier .
finds the resource with the given name .
pretty prints a term relative to the symbol namings provided by the specified interner .
check whether the effect exists in the currently selected text of the active rtedittext .
create an entity from the given string .
parse an xml coming from an input stream to dom
registers provided classes
handler for errors reported by rest endpoints .
remove any of the characters in out from sb
adds all timers of the argument to the corresponding counters of this object . the timers should not be directly modified other than using this method during this operation . the timers in the argument will be reseted after this operation .
look for an coord_axis or coord_alias attribute
java . sql . statement
applies table naming strategy to given table name hint . returns full table name .
generates a gradient - noise value from the coordinates of a three - dimensional input value and the integer coordinates of a nearby three - dimensional value .
start recording streams for a given channel and stream id pairing .
set multiple configs at once .
utility method to read a batch of uls
handle the process - id child elements
given a name return the field matching the name .
sets the value of the bauerwartungsland property .
generated servlet and tag handler implementations call this method to retrieve an instance of the protectedfunctionmapper . this is necessary since generated code does not have access to create instances of classes in this package .
scan the project s output directory for certain files .
determine if the argument is a reserved idl keyword .
get a tiled gridded coverage data use the coverage data pixel tile size as the request size width and height
gets the first sortable fields found .
returns an empty intentions stack . creates a new intentions stack and adds it to the list of stacks if needed .
returns called class .
create a pooled database named default with the given configuration .
returns a flow control setting such that a subscriber will block if it has buffered more messages than can be processed in a single batch times the number of record processors . since the flow control settings are per subscriber we should divide by the number of subscribers to avoid buffering too much data in each subscriber .
extension point to allow customized creation of the user s password from the attribute stored in the directory .
divides this value by the given one and returns the result in reduced form .
auto register myself as hook .
resets all loggers level to default one
add a seperator after the last field added .
find the file header with this name
verify that the variable has data in the data array
the following three methods are used to keep track of which thread is being disabled for bitmap decoding .
invokes tag body .
adds a connection listener to this connection that will be notified when the connection closes or fails .
run the code in the same thread than caller .
gets the value of the feature property .
returns all methods . cached . lazy .
construct an immutable map from one key - value pair . although this is more convenient than the static factory methods this method does not capture the instance being logged .
finds all documents in the replicator database .
decrements the read lock count held by the thread
getter for isobjuri - gets boolean flag - true of object field is a uri false otherwise .
store the pagination search result details
get the persisted token using java preferences .
initialize all fields of this uri from another uri .
evaluates any el expressions in the headers section of the stage configuration .
calls an appropriate write method based on the value . value must not be null .
removes from memory the pool associated to the closed storage . this avoids pool open against closed storages .
method to decide which of the two constructors of monomernotationgroupelement should be called
set the dimensions using the dimensions names . the dimension is searched for recursively in the parent groups .
load header row without configuration tab .
returns the transaction associated with the transaction propagation context that arrived in the current iiop request .
set up facescell s attribute from poicell and others .
utility for converting camel case based activemq formats to wildfly standards .
checks if request if multi - part and parse it . if request is not multi - part it copies all parameters to make usage the same in both cases .
appends one or more postfixes and separates them by slashes .
returns the model directory .
regular variables .
method to validate the details about the connections ; hydrogen bonds are here included
commit the current transaction writing any unflushed changes to the database . transaction mode is closed .
adds a direct dependency to this domain . direct dependencies are other domains which the domain depends on .
sets the value of the maxdauer property .
detach request context instance from http servlet request . invoking getters on this instance after detaching is considered a bug .
set the group s parent group
send the notification .
shorten string to given length .
pull services out of the datasets and into the catalog
this is executed on non - indexed fields .
create a wks string
sets the value of the benutzer property .
this method return list of tokens with their parents for a current discovery object .
copies a directory recursively .
store an image in the cache
you must set earthlocation before you call this .
sends the body to the specified outputstream . the pending parameter limits the maximum amounts of bytes sent unless it is - 1 in which case everything is sent .
the input tuple contains a bag of tuples to sum up
runs joy in standalone mode with only backend .
pre - process sql before using it . if string starts with a non - ascii char or it has no spaces it will be loaded from the query map .
returns a compoundname given a string in ins syntax .
table this writer will write to .
retrieves the connection by id .
get the styles for the feature row
gets an android system property
loops until the desired connection is established and returns the resulting connector .
checks whether no more bytes will be returned .
stops all picture loading except if the url we desire is being loaded
generic error handler that just prints message to stdout .
return the nodes under a given parent element .
createaccesscontrolentity creates an access control entity
match any records which include a field with the provided fieldname and value .
convert a servant to a reference .
use istag as default for redhat versions of this plugin
find the first projectionct from the list of coordinatetransforms .
make a long name for the variable
return true if the given unit is a time unit eg seconds .
appends to address by personal name and email address .
adds a new captureappender to an existing logger .
set the value type of the option switch to the type passed
sets the value of the mehrfamilienhaus property .
skips over and discards n bytes of data from the input stream .
initialize the parameter tables .
parse given configuration declaration of lineage plugin and return appropriate definition .
resolves raw type name using the generics information from the class or method information .
method to validate the group id
set the feature styles for the feature row
creates an instance by reading the xml from a file .
add a component to this application .
acquires item associated with passed in key in container . it is guarantied that item will not be closed if limit of open items will be exceeded and container will close rarely used items .
finds a bag of all goals of a search .
converts the conic into a symmetric 3x3 matrix
get the pixel value as a 16 bit unsigned integer value
determines if a string s character is within a regex character class
splits filename into a array of four strings containing prefix path basename and extension . path will contain ending separator .
displays the add permission page for a contact .
add a point to the end of the line .
converts char sequence into byte array .
loads dictionary from an input stream
parses target page and extracts decora regions for replacements .
add a set of interfaces to the ir .
register the transformers for the 1 . 3 . 0 version .
checks if the term argument to an instruction was in a non - argument position .
sets the cell value date .
copy addition of two matrices
returns a cheap heuristic guide for task partitioning when programmers frameworks tools or languages have little or no idea about task granularity . in essence by offering this method we ask users only about tradeoffs in overhead vs expected throughput and its variance rather than how finely to partition tasks .
if a null value is passed to this method it s replaced with a dummy due to the fact the payload for each message is wrapped in an optional .
add on global attributes for all types
gets the result at the given index from the results set .
copy real numbers to arr
identify duplicate group names .
generates a 15 - word random seed . this method implements the bip - 39 algorithm with 160 bits of entropy .
validate the record is a whole file record
registers or adds an event to the local_events . properties file
get the set of addressees for a notification .
returns a single named property of the bean .
clear all the related maps .
query consisting of expanded parameters and unexpanded parameters .
setup readers .
package - protected for emitutils try to fix
reads empty line or throw an exception if a none empty line was found .
formats a long number and adds padding to the left .
compiles the expression into a pattern
flush the output buffer to the underlying character stream without flushing the stream itself . this method is non - private only so that it may be invoked by printstream .
returns the long value with the specified key .
compares two version strings such that 1 . 10 . 1 > 1 . 4 etc
captures an image of the result of your program and displays it to you
this checks if the specified tracer name is ok .
deletes all cached log entries .
handle the created view
return a local name from a qname .
downloads resource as string .
stn file must be in the same directory or one up
close all connections of a address
convert the view to a constraint string suitable for use in a url except not url encoded .
print the decomposed matrix lu .
notify the archive that this control session is closed so it can promptly release resources then close the local resources associated with the client .
prepares message and sends it . returns message id of sent email .
avalanches the bits of a long integer by applying the finalisation step of murmurhash3 .
loads the kubernetes json and converts it to a list of entities
gets the levelunit .
adds property injection point .
gets the current data context name .
returns a graph element vertex or edge starting from an id .
upgrades the table that represents the associated entity . this will typically be an alter table statement .
this method is used to find an item in an array .
get the base service name of a module s jndi namespace .
expands internal string array by multiplying its size by 2 .
returns whether this page s visual components all contain valid values .
returns default watch service identifier based on operating system .
extracts and removes parameters from a row .
get the hash code for the byte array pointed to by the specified key .
triggers listeners on file change .
registers or adds an event to the local_events . properties file with the informations found in the eventlistener
check if there are more elements .
receive an ndarray
find sweep_angle_axis associated with a scan geometry
creates a field path given a data set and the field path in symbolic form conforming to paths associated with a hash index .
print the information for an available image to stdout .
read a log file .
tries to determine the principal s name from the given session .
set the schema being written to the job conf
applies standard options to sub - document mutations
stops and records results of timer which counts how much time was spent on atomic operation commit .
exec the given function given the ops
create a java . util . date from a udunit or iso string .
detects circular dependencies and pushes value as current type context .
object or map . check the type attribute to know it .
returns an evaluation that contains the node source and whether it is a set operation . if there are no evaluation objects in the pool one is created and returned .
gets the faces cell with row col from current page .
write 4 consecutive bytes
provides a save way of obtaining the httpmethod from a string . if the method is invalid returns null .
returns ip address as integer .
parse string representation of permissions into hdfs fspermission class .
asserts if the current object has a ref attribute at the same time as either a simpletype as children a form attribute or a type attribute . throws an exception in that case .
return the content of this resource as an input stream . the input stream should be closed by the user .
checks that the encryption input is a supported type otherwise sends the record to error .
extract the public id of a yubikey from an otp it generated .
put shift attrs .
returns true if the local server has all the requested clusters .
sets the command index map .
make gempakparameters from the list of
gets exposed property or parameter name .
test whether or not a string matches against a pattern .
factory method for constructing an identifier from a name plural and symbol .
tests if current function is an indexed function and that function can also be executed without using the index
get the list of dates
helps to set start and end times
if bit 31 is set then this method results in an infinite loop .
sets text size for items
returns the browser recipe that can handle billing agreement or null if there is none .
gets the appropriate field value from the pojo and puts it in the container at the appropriate prop name and with the appropriate indexing .
determine the number of weight entries that are non - zero after broadcasting
override bindings using play bindings .
deactivates the ra entity
returns a new call with the given fragment .
append a log entry for a leadership term .
parses a csv row containing name = value pairs .
acquires a connection from the pool specifying options . if the pool is empty then the caller thread will wait for it .
checks if the bean has a named property . note that if the property value is set to null on the bean this method will still return true it tests for the existance of a named property including null ones .
returns the linked class in lazy mode because while unmarshalling the class could be not loaded yet .
return an iterator of all children of this node . if there are no children an empty iterator is returned .
tokenize with the builder options into a string iterable .
verifies whether max age of cookie satisfies specified matcher .
create a new index based on current one by eliminating any dimensions with length one .
init right after creation of configuration not during operation as it is not threadsafe regarding mutation currently only for minbin serialization
copy the each command area to seperated sheet . as it will be used for iteration .
update an existing route field value .
creates the playlist - answer
delegates to the oqueryexecutor the query execution .
coordinate based subsetting for coverage
computes the tangent to the ellipse at the specified location
creates an 1 x num ndarray with the specified value
parse an iiif image api compliant size request string
define custom strategy to use for vertex attribute .
prints full exception stack trace from top to root cause into a string .
adds a new element to this list .
get java float array for a member of type float .
set the matcher config
get the raw untyped configuration or an empty map
get a profiletableactivity object for a profile table .
convenient method to check notnull of value
silently replace delegate by tree implementation .
adds a unit to the database by symbol .
gets opposite of specified vertex .
starts this operation synchronously .
remove bad char from beginning or end of string
add an action to the popup menu . note that the menuname is made the name value of the action .
compiles a script .
gets the cell style .
removes listener which is triggered if exception is cast inside background flush data thread .
an optional group containing multiple elements
for rank 1 array of structures read count structures and return the data as an arraystructure . use only when this is a one dimensional array of structures .
map java name to idl name as per sections 1 . 3 . 2 . 3 1 . 3 . 2 . 4 and 1 . 3 . 2 . 2 . this only works for a single name component without a qualifying dot .
named differently so you don t accidentally use the object form
try to retrieve an object from the cache . has the side - effect of loading an uncached object into cache the first time .
transfer all inheritable metadata from fromds to the local metadata of this dataset . called by invdatasetscan to transfer inheritable metaddata to the nested catalogref
returns files that end with java and all directories . files and directories started with a . are excluded .
close the connection .
invoked when an activator - event occurs .
returns the set of server names involved on the passed cluster collection .
returns directory path for given record and date .
returns internal representation for key . use null_key if key is null .
initializes the lookup table for this decision node . the specified decision tree that corresponds to this node is used to extract all the possible outcomes for this decision and these are stored in a lookup table so that future decisions made with this tree will run faster .
get the current context selector for the current thread .
create an entity from the given content .
element - wise power function - x^y performed element - wise
record some well known parameters
block until the latch is counted down and return the error received or null if no error happened .
this method may be called from subclasses jjtclose methods . it flattens the tree under this node by eliminating any children that are of the same class as this node and copying their children to this node .
get the length of a frame from the header as a volatile read .
returns the first non - null object that is passed in .
converts a datastore entity into a typed pojo object
calculate the bearing between the 2 points . see calculatebearing below . uses default earth object .
creates attachment body part . handles regular and inline attachments .
how many more bytes are in this segment ?
initializes all field editors .
set specified type of documentation
returns an ndarray with 1 if the element is epsilon equals
set a specific header
atomically removes the given subscriber if it is subscribed to the subject .
writes the string to the file as a sequence of bytes . each character in the string is written out in sequence by discarding its high eight bits .
create an xmlstore reading from an input stream . because of some peculiariteis you must open the input stream wtice and pass both in .
resolve relative url - s and fix a few java . net . url errors in handling of urls with embedded params and pure query targets .
resolves http method name from method name . if method name or first camel - case word of a method equals to a http method it will be used as that http methods .
make the c array
creates a nullpointerexception instance and sets the given throwable as its initial cause .
match command to sheet config form .
examine images for build configuration and extract all ports
gets the current sheet config .
create a geometry metadata from the current cursor location
distance from the point to the closest point on the line segment .
adds a one time listener for the event .
non - atomic cases
compute the maximum width for each field across a collection of formatters .
turns a list of characters representation of the board into a proper state .
construct the standard thredds access uri for this dataset access method resolved agaisnt the parent catalog if the uri is relative .
getter for hitlist - gets hit list of search results sorted in descreasing order of relevance score .
wait for the predicate to become true on the specified object .
make an http request to the default uri and parse using the default content - type .
visible for testing the init of a handlebarsjs template
query an external rfc2483 resolver for a system identifier .
this function gets hashmap key = serializable value = biginteger
utility method for transferring input stream to output .
insert each template .
finds entity descriptor of a table that contains provided column reference .
sort an array .
set form parameter update strategy to the given value .
reads http request body using the request stream . once body is read it cannot be read again!
sets the value of the viewingdetails property .
calculates to .
resolves subpath in safer way . for some reason if child starts with a separator it gets resolved as a full path ignoring the base . this method acts different .
returns iterator of all entries .
writes a column chunk at once
stops the playing of the music
translate key to value
compute the next random value using the central limit theorem which states that the averages of sets of uniformly - distributed random values are normally distributed .
merge multiple profiles into one . useful for image servers that want to consolidate the limits given in a info . json .
non mbean - used only internal those methods are not exposed via jmx
variable initialization with 1 . 0
write the content transfer encoding header to the specified output stream .
read in the values for the file header
compute the natural logarithm of x to a given scale x &gt ; 0 .
wait for the required service to start up and fail otherwise . this method is necessary when a runtime operation uses a service that might have been created within a composite operation .
add a naming binding to this activity context .
how far ahead a producer can get from a consumer position .
sets the values in the specified matrix to a rotation matrix about the z - axis .
acquire a network channel from the pool . don t lock the write stream since the connection usage is exclusive .
query for tiles at a zoom level in descending row and column order
setter for the interval checking for lost connections a value lower or equal 0 results in the check to be deactivated
tries to clear all the passwords from memory .
perform character normalization on a uri reference .
scans the directory of for the next file .
execute the maven plugin .
returns the inward flowing edge vertices .
returns a inetaddress for the input object converted to a string .
helper method to determine if an ssptoken has expired .
called by pipelinerunner when push origin started a new batch to prepare context for it .
this method is used to log delayed metrics if tracking delayed metrics is turned on for this blueflood service .
find all occurences of match strings in original and substitute the corresponding subst string .
checks if this agent s execution stack is valid . the stack is valid if it is not null or empty and has not exceeded the maximum size limit of 255 .
applies include and exclude patterns to an array of default string values to produce an array of strings included by the patterns .
retrieves a set containing sbb entity ids in the factory cache data
get the index - th structuredata of this arraystructure .
invoking a hideaction toggles it .
look for the top variable that has an orgvar with the wanted orgname
returns the non - skipped module class name .
returns location for given database .
prints class declarations
returns the boolean value to inform id dtd was found in the xml file or not
checks that required parameters are set and if everything is in order activates this appender .
we have special type of a configdef called runtime . this config is never displayed in ui and instead it s values are supplied at runtime . this method is the runtime method that propagates them .
checks that file copy can occur .
returns amount of available connections which you can acquire for given source and user name . source id is consist of source name and source user name .
metrics reporting implementation is provided by the extending subclass . if exceptions are not gracefully handled in the extending subclass then an exception there can fail the consumer refresh even though metrics reporting might not be mission critical . this method protects against that scenario by catching all exceptions logging that there was an exception and continuing with the consumer refresh .
check to ensure that the column name provided is valid
this implementation does not allow duplicate installations of onconsolestatuslistener
registers a shutdown hook to stop nicely the embedded framework .
increments the read lock count held by the thread
add a mapbean to the user interface
finds the longest row width .
remove all entries from the cache .
returns an instance of loginmanager and increases its reference count .
locates last index of dot after the optional last slash .
save the ndarray
logback - 411 and logback - 750
retrieve local file path for an arbitrary uri
creates a new int range type with the specified name if it does not already exist .
resolves java version from current version .
xml attribute utilities
returns a random real number uniformly in [ a b ) .
creates a new vertex persistent class .
verifies if the wrapped transaction is active and if dissociates it from the thread if needed
convert given value of this unit to the new unit .
returns an iterator over buffer elements .
puts the points into counter - clockwise order around their center .
given a point in x y coordinate space find the x y index in the coordinate system .
append this line to the bottom of the jtextarea . a newline is added and jtextarea is scrolled to bottom ; remove lines at top if needed .
do nothing if date format is not supported .
check the cursor returned from the integrity check to see if things are ok
call this method if the trackinfo object in the playlist was updated . only the trackinfo object will be sent via event
subtract two dates return difference in units of this period . if not even will round down and log a warning
create a new plain text field .
remove the entry in the keys and values such that the key of the entry is equal to the given object according to the equality function .
refresh cached cells in current page .
this subroutine checks the parts in a sounding data set for the unmerged data types .
read in the bytes from the given inputstream and construct and return a string . closes the inputstream argument .
parse top - level packets in order to process them further .
makes nice header names .
setter for offsetinendsection - sets character offset of the end of this passage within the section that contains this passage .
reads up to len bytes of data from this input stream into an array of bytes . this method blocks until some input is available .
build categotry list .
allocate and return a new array based on the vertex id and weight initialization .
adds a not in predicate .
adds a conjunctive body functor or head functor to this clause along with the instructions that implement it .
returns the global read quorum .
returns a profile instance for the given index . if the index is not between 1 and 23 inclusive unknown is returned .
verifies that the player is capable of handling the command
creates a list of aliases based on provided string containing comma separated values of aliases .
query for the style row from a style mapping row
check the vertex for either an incoming or outgoing edge mathcing e .
query for feature results in the x y and zoom level by querying features in the tile location
get the ith dimension .
parse config specified ports
lookup the connectionfactory and cache it .
submit the current workbooks .
clean up any state associated with the current login attempt .
refresh when child elements are created or updated
include a name and file
get an elementtype by name .
add an attribute of type array to the named variable . must be in define mode .
removes the element at the given position of the table and the corresponding value at the same position shifting if necessary other elements and values so that all elements can be found by linear probing .
specify the hmac api key and secret to be used for authenticated requests
logs a warning message for unsupported owl api method
add a default header .
retrieves all personal inventory items for the logged in user .
adds a trailing slash to the uri if it does not already have one .
transfer info from the proto message to another message with the exact same structure .
find component according it s class .
set the host for this uri . if null is passed in the userinfo field is also set to null and the port is set to - 1 .
delete the feature index for the geometry id from the index types
generates the next element in the sequence .
method to add ambiguity to the group
convert remoting response command to application response object .
attempt to find a meta tag in the html that hints at the character set used to write the document .
given an array of strings return a comma - separated list of its elements .
set the data from a full quality bitmap
create an image holder instance for the defined view .
create calendardate from msecs since epoch uses standard calendar .
add a heading at the specified row . this spans all columns
add reconnect task
pops the current evaluation off of the top of the stack . this is done after a node has completed its evaluation .
add the dimensions associated with this coord sys to the netcdf file
fires a property change event with the given source property name old and new value . used when the event source should be different from this mockup preference store .
add a header to be sent with the request
can be used to see if two transforms are identical to within tolerance
checks if a candidate operator symbol can have one of the specified fixities and resolve it to an oeprator with that fixity if so . if it cannot be resolved an exception is raised .
execute alter table set table properties
requests the deactivation of the ra object . if the operation succeeds the ra will transition to inactive state .
compares this object with the specified object for order .
creates random string whose length is the number of characters specified . characters are chosen from the provided range .
create new event record according for this stage context and event context .
removes the head tag and tail tag if they are named either included or configuration
get the cache value for key if it has not expired . if the timedentry is expired its destroy method is called and then removed from the cache .
encode this picture as an idr frame . idr frame starts a new independently decodeable video sequence
generates html .
returns all cookies from client that matches provided name .
gets the row col from component attributes .
logs the summary as it was collected at this point .
helper to apply authentication properties to jersey client .
return true if this record should be written into a new file regardless whether we have a file for the record currently opened or not .
computes the real aci data field name
method to validate the polymer id in the connection section the id can be peptide rna chem or blob the ratio + range was also included the ambiguity is also proven
gets the first trackinfo if found in the eventmodel
registers attributes common across listener types
creates a string representation of this functors arguments mostly used for debugging purposes .
reference reference or base time as dare .
returns a distriubuted iterator that can provide elements of the list on demand over a remote connection .
remove user - defined word list from the dictionary for the specified koreanpos .
public static final string unidata_head
verifies whether expiry date of cookie satisfies specified matcher .
returns the values for a specific attribute
converts values in this unit to the equivalent values in the convertible derived unit .
resolves resources .
end universal methods .
compareandset next field
whether this request already timeout
whether a string is interpreted as the null value
add a query expression to this composite expression .
validate current page .
remove chars from a string
writes the entire contents of this byte stream to the specified output stream .
apply preprocessors on resources and merge them .
get the full path for a given filename
returns a default cache implementation
lists zip content .
finds very last index of given element in inclusive index range . returns negative value if element is not found .
determines if the metric is considered delayed or not
iterates collection .
parse json string as configurations that the task should query from appdynamics .
send delay msg .
euclidean distance from the point
set the initial configuration loader . overrides the default or any previously configured values .
is an arc colored and hence on a color chain?
configures logback with the configuration xml read from an input source .
the gru cell
matches a predicate against collection elements and returns true iff it matches them all .
return an iterator over all contained property names .
returns true if any of its parameters have an uncountable number
reset the listener to use with the next statement . all column information is cleared .
return all instances registered to this particular name for this discovery type
unbinds the specified aci name with the specified activity context id
defines a callback to call in case of error during the asynchronous replication .
defines a callback to call in case of error during the asynchronous replication .
update an existing flow step entry rule .
returns method parameter names .
attempt to create a converter using the information found in convertermap .
add a destination to this image so it can merge streams .
saves locale to http session .
sets up the initial context once at the start of a traversal .
tries to remove handler from logger .
adds a property changed listener to be notified of changes to the named property .
receive notification of ignorable whitespace in element content .
returns stack trace filtered by class names .
addds a then action into the rule .
evaluates a query against the resolver or adds a clause to the resolvers domain .
obtain the list of catalog files from the properties .
implements the interface for com . mysql . cj . protocol . socketfactory for mysql - connector - java prior to version 8 . 0 . 13 . this change is required for backwards compatibility .
deletes the record checking the version .
create a default constructor on the sbb concrete class
find the active counter id for a stream based on the recording id .
compute the prime factors of an integer value .
skips over and discards the given number of bytes of data from this fast buffered input stream .
attempt to cancel the corresponding invocation .
request to completely reset the loader
returns vault configuration string in user readable form .
set the tile data from a bitmap
on region filter facts determine how to parse the inputs typically for cics to grid calls
sets the value of the camping property .
returns a list of supported audio sample formats this codec can encode audio in .
get the value of the tag from a given parameter value .
creates new action request .
create an arraychar from an arrayobject of strings .
get the descriptor for the given id .
locates last dot after the last slash or just slash .
get the position of the separator character if any starting at position fromindex .
a macroblock to slice group map that fills frame column by column
filter out the proposals whose content does not start with the given prefix .
get the currently selected cells . use this for multiple row selection when columnselection is on
loads one argument . index is 1 - based . no conversion occurs .
replace variables from css with provided variables map .
restore state from preferencesext
the real place to delegate bitmap decoding to bitmapfactory .
replace any of the characters from out with corresponding character from in
builds a patch request .
lookup the message with the given id in this catalog and bind its substitution locations with the given strings .
compares two heap nodes . the comparison performed is dependant on whether a comparator has been set or the natural ordering is to be used .
executes the whole script and returns last statement only if it s a return otherwise it returns null ;
checks if an hash string matches a password based on the algorithm found on hash string .
creates an identical trigger instance from the given annotation .
sets this mark s state to a new stream . it will store the current stream in it s includestack .
getter for token - gets the corresponding token for the focus .
scannum - scan a number
return this as a java date object
puts a reference to this label in the bytecode of a method . if the bytecode offset of the label is known the relative bytecode offset between the label and the instruction referencing it is computed and written directly . otherwise a null relative offset is written and a new forward reference is declared for this label .
returns the key to which this map maps the specified value . returns null if the map contains no mapping for this value .
select all nodes that are selected by this xpath expression . if multiple nodes match multiple nodes will be returned . nodes will be returned in document - order
writes the specified byte to our output stream .
total bits of this table and all subtables
we should probably disallow this?
remove bids by bid .
execute given consumer for each pipe rethrowing usual exceptions as runtimeexception .
pass reserved xml attributes unchanged
set last cell also set static relative address lastcelladdress .
private dqcfactory dqcfactory = null ;
compute the current position in absolute number of bytes .
evaluates the given ognl expression to extract a value from the given root object in a given context
selected nodes using pre - parsed css selectors . take in consideration collection type for results grouping order .
create a writer builder for com . helger . genericode . v10 . codelistsetdocument .
performs the fix for elements .
find the urns for a given system identifier in all catalogs .
test if request path starts with path component . this predicate returns true if first path component from given request path equals requested path component . comparison is not case sensitive . request path should start with path separator otherwise this predicate returns false .
performs validation of provided validation context and appends violations .
sets a json string as a request entity .
is mapped to resolve in the cos naming api .
checks the format of an argument to an option against its specified regular expression format if one has been set . any errors are added to the list of parsing errors .
creates a list with this element in it .
create a new flow step entry rule .
refresh the attributes of this participant ( the status attribute should have changed to prepared
extracts encoding from a given content type .
write out the list of namespace declarations .
adds default header to all requests .
sets the value of the landtyp property .
this method prints out basic statistics for workspaces allocated in current thread
pops the object at the top of the stack .
replace a dimension with an equivalent one .
returns the float value with the specified key .
registers default madvoc components .
generic copy routine . it is recommended that this be overridden with a faster implementation .
utility method to read a batch of int32
sets the root object to use for all expressions in the given context - doesn t necessarily replace root object instances explicitly passed in to other expression resolving methods on this class .
binds the main details of a log event to a sqlite statement s parameters
abort writing to this file . the file is closed .
non - blocking publish of a partial buffer containing a message to a cluster .
registers a packet interceptor with this connection . the interceptor will be invoked every time a packet is about to be sent by this connection . interceptors may modify the packet to be sent . a packet filter determines which packets will be delivered to the interceptor .
password supplied authentication check
returns a module which creates bindings for provider methods from the given module .
write cdl representation to outputstream .
reads action path from the action method .
lon naught ??
get the current position to which the publication has advanced for this stream .
once the children elements are also parsed now is the time to activate the appender options .
retrieves and removes the head of this queue waiting if necessary up to the specified wait time if no elements are present on this queue .
get the schoolid value from the request .
supplies the valid moves for a board position .
all operations running at cache initialization stage
check path extension ; assumes no query or fragment
sets the value of the grundsttyp property .
update all columns for the row having the id matching the provided entity s id .
put buckets in the cache checking for cacheability and collisions .
reverse the system property sets performed on behalf of this restore context .
adds a status message for the result of the resource search
convert raw xml to styledlayerdescriptorinfo .
creates a gauge if it is already not . this is done only once for the stage
writes full document lookup values to the record
get the list of events for a notification .
parse json from input stream accordingly given type . return parsed object .
retrieve anchor information from draw . xml for all the charts in the workbook . then save them to anchors map .
returns a string with all request scope variables .
do we have all the axes in the list?
migrating to service for data format library .
complete the target with a single value or indicate there is a value available in fusion mode .
method to adjust line and column numbers for the start of a token .
updates cache .
e = teopt
convert cloud height to meters
subtracts a jd from current instance .
create a projectionimpl from the projection
sets the value of the subadministrativearea property .
injects all parameters .
get the ith coordinate
makes a transaction from the running state to the shutdown state or no transition if the current state is not running .
emit an error message to standard err
determine the jqassistant_home directory .
add an additional record format at given position
called when the deployment is undeployed .
adds a jd to current instance .
gets the chart id from child node attributes .
setter for operator - sets the operator associated with this concept .
opens the specified jar file and returns a valid handle .
does this file definition have a time template in it?
interprets the contents as notificationlite objects and calls the appropriate subscriber method .
determine if the url has x y or z variables
converts a socket address to a reasonable display string .
fill extra requirements the rpm file itself may have
get a list of files that the current page has source dependency on .
encode member details from a cluster members array to a string .
read the stream content as a string
executes this action with the given http request and returns the result .
reset everything relevant to allow a reconnect
set the starting date . makes usestart true . if useend recalculate the duration else recalculate end .
< less than operator
called from sfsbprecreateinterceptor after bean creation
resets the usage parameters of all sbbs within the service represented by the serviceusagembean object . the slee sets counter - type usage parameters to zero and removes all samples from sample - type usage parameters .
returns this node s previous sibling element with the same name .
compute the linear index from the current odometer indices .
sets the value of the buerotyp property .
initializes the writer in order to be used . it is called at the first connection and also is invoked if the connection is disconnected by an error .
returns the contained value if this notification is an onnext signal null otherwise .
checks if the outputextension can execute with the current event
get the data type of an attribute . make it unsigned if the variable is unsigned .
create a scala function wrapper for connectionrunnable .
notify the task it has been accepted
sets the value of the ctype property .
in the form of json rendering forbidden information .
gets the full name from row .
inits the tabs .
convert the cursor to the result type cursor
converts the given byte array to its equivalent hexadecimal string and returns the result .
open the file and extract bufr messages
sets the value of the gebiete property .
parse the remote locators and locator and assert that they match
sets the endianness for the data .
get the equivalent java . util . date .
sets this rectangle to be equal to the passed in rectangle .
put picture image to session map and return the key to web .
creates map delegate .
sets the value of the emailart property .
returns a jpa query with all previously specified parameters added .
read the next nb bits and return an signed long .
find all catalogref elements in the dataset tree formed by the given dataset list .
return the applicable document entry .
creates an arrow schema from an parquet one and returns the mapping
the actual work is here
sets up openid attribute exchange for openid s matching the specified pattern .
gets the runtime activemq control object that can help service this request .
the time unit statistical type derived from code table 5 )
recycle the layered bitmaps
generate a subclass of index optimized for this array s rank
retrieves all form definitions by logged in user .
expect that a response header matches the supplied header name and hamcrest matcher .
add a new child node to this node .
specify declared namespaces that will be used when parsing xml .
get the eventserializer based on user s configuration .
get more bytes into buffer . stop when endsequence is found .
provides an observable stream of elements .
traverse up from the provided parent and find the first which uses the same key
the address that you want to geocode .
do an additional read
get a node s parent . mind you the node or its parent may not exist . no problem
return the applicable system system identifiers .
all and filters must be satisfied
opens connection and sends a response .
return the integer value for the max_forwards key .
sets the header of sheet configuration .
divide this unit into another unit .
returns the position of a field previously added to the map or - 1 if the field has not been added to the map .
changes the presence of available contacts offline by simulating an unavailable presence sent from the server . after a disconnection every presence is set to offline .
method to get a valid helm2 of the connection notation
return the property status for the property with the given name .
deletes the blob .
set ntlm authentication credentials to be used for the given host and port .
returns an immutable list of the resolved types .
this actively scans for available aspects and returns their information objects
create a writer builder for com . helger . genericode . v10 . codelistdocument .
starts the intention selection threads .
returns true if the classname should be skipped .
send a byte array to a specific collection of websocket connections
determines if two colors match . aside from simply comparing the objects this function also takes into account lables any any_interleaved any planar .
manages cross compiler compatibility issues .
checks whether the condition has containsany or similar expressions that require multiple index evaluations
checks if is date .
returns the lowercased hostname for the url or null if the url is not well formed .
this method returns memory used by this dataset
log location event
validate the value of the double unbiased exponent value .
store localconcept information in super hashmap localconcepts
return cell value with format .
prints stopped banner .
check if the delayed locator is recently inserted for a given slot
the throwable if not - null is also prefixed line by line with the prefix
calculates the first item index of requested page .
updates the info about the current song
generates a protobuf descriptor instance from a filedescriptor set .
undoes variable bindings that have been recorded on the trail . addresses recorded on the trail are reset to ref to self .
returns a mapping of ranges in the coarser granularity to the sub - ranges in finer granularity
executed in the main thread .
read an ncml file from a string and construct a ncmlcollectionreader from its scan or scanfmrc element .
moves to next element .
creates a new index or fetches existing index .
returns the secret key algorithm portion of the cipher transformation .
start + offset = end
synchronization needed because of setting of page length
save the current state of the preferences tree to the given outputstream .
reads property value and updates the db .
creates new collection of target component type . default implementation uses reflection to create an collection of target type . override it for better performances .
gets the row style .
method to generate a json - object from the notationcontainer
define rel semantics for this representation .
signals that the container is in running state
recreate the hash index entirely
find the datasetsourcetype that matches this name .
stores an association between username and yubikey publicid in filename .
setup table listeners for gui events .
obtain xml file encoding attribute
method to compute masked password based on class attributes .
delete the feature table index
handle unknown catalogentry types .
maps the specified key to the specified value in this table .
check if resources from a group were changed . if a change is detected the changelistener will be invoked .
removes all attributes from the request as well as clears entries in this map .
set the icon of the feature row
removes and returns the entry associated with the specified key in the hashmap . returns null if the hashmap contains no mapping for this key .
looks for a variable definition that matches the reference in the scope nodes on the stack . if found a reference node that can repeat this lookup later is placed on the stack not the current value itself . this is done because the value may change if the variable reference is inside a mixin .
retrieves a boolean function from the library . if the function is not found the library will attempt to load it using the mechanism described in the class documentation .
writes http response headers to the sdc record header with the configured optional prefix .
get shape as a section object .
generate single xssf chart .
gets a handle for the given ejb locator .
merges the given resources together into a single resource .
calculates string length .
write xml using the bean properties of the contained object
extend this date range by the given date .
find all children directories . does not recurse . we separate this from the constructor so it can be done on demand public for debugging .
writes value to this target . depending on a flag writing the value can be completely silent when no exception is thrown and with top performances . otherwise an exception is thrown on a failure .
the identity hashcode for the given object is used as its unique dot identifier .
this function simply returns field path in record for the corresponding column name . this is needed because records generated by cdc origins store data in different location for different operation . subclasses will override this function and implement special handling .
returns a filter that selects declarations containing all of a collection of modifiers .
convert col to int .
process the frame if it is a text frame
retrieves a profile object for the table and specified profile name there is only one profile object per profile entity per transaction
returns item without acquiring it . state of item is not guarantied in such case .
delete the feature index from the index types
preview only returns data associated with batches however errors are reported outside of batch context for multi - threaded pipelines . thus we emulate the behavior by simply adding into the current batch all so - far reported errors .
elementwise exponential - 1 function
this may occur after initial construction
set the unit string for this variable . default is to use the cdm . units attribute .
this method converts this functionproperties instance to flatbuffers representation
checks if a typemirror is mapped to sqlite type
reads method s alias value .
converts a java varargs to scala varargs .
combine the parameters into a key suitable for storage and lookup in the cache .
deserialize the given file to java object .
ensure the vector is valid for the buffer .
counts the open - parentheses to the left of a string position excluding escaped parentheses
throws a xmlstreamexception for the unexpected element that was encountered during the parse
request the server that we want to start using stream compression . when using tls then negotiation of stream compression can only happen after tls was negotiated . if tls compression is being used the stream compression should not be used .
requests from the upstream subscription .
write a raw string .
set the xml config .
retrieves the set of unique cassandra hosts from configuration file . if a single host appears multiple times in the configuration only one will be listed .
retrieves a local object valid for thus current transaction .
performs helpcomplete for an external submitter .
provides the total number of notifications contained in the response .
output content to the console or a file .
create a default jpa configuration from a map of names to unit names .
insert a row in to this array will throw an exception if this ndarray is not a matrix
set the feature table default feature styles
opens a class of the specified name for reading using provided class loader .
get all parquet files under partition directory .
start converters in the chain of converters .
this method notifies locker that specific object was added to tracking list
this method makes sure host memory contains latest data from gpu
wait before to retry
get component type .
gets the value of the userdefinedextend property .
converts the given int array to its equivalent hexadecimal string and returns the result .
create a new variable and add to the given group .
process includes rules .
rotates the image with empty triangles back - filled using default background color .
appends simple input or select depending on availability of possible values .
encodes a frame into a movie .
assume key non - null locked node
determine which member of a cluster this is and check endpoints .
resolves any expressions in the header value entries of the request .
clear hidden columns .
asynchronously translate raw to processed ; might produce successive load operations as refs are filled in
disconnects and kill the associated network manager .
get the absolute jndi name as a string .
convert a datadds into an array for a structure member variable .
provisions a new instance . subclasses should override this to catch exceptions & rethrow as errorsexceptions .
search for axis by type and test against a predicate
set the feature table default styles
returns an array containing all of the elements in this heap ; the runtime type of the returned array is that of the specified array . if the collection fits in the specified array it is returned therein . otherwise a new array is allocated with the runtime type of the specified array and the size of this collection .
creates new parameter meta data and associates it with parameters meta data .
perform actual processing .
attach the given timer to the current activity context .
reads an individual vertex from json . the vertex must match the accepted graphson format .
populate the field values from the cache .
tries to construct and start one worker . assumes that total count has already been incremented as a reservation . invokes deregisterworker on any failure .
extracts an int from an array of bytes . only three bytes are pulled together from the array to make a 24 bit integer albeit returned as a java 32 bit int .
protected deployableunitscard deployableunitscard ;
sets the value of the lastenaufzug property .
builds the cell formula for shifted rows .
sign the xml document using xmldsig .
solve ly = b for y by forward substitution .
creates a vertical grip - able bar for adjusting the left panel width .
delete an existing flow step .
divides this unit into another unit .
creates an object mapper configuration that uses the specified object mapper as default .
visible due to jvm requirements only
loads properties from the file in provided encoding .
number of nested fields
the default implementation of all methods
creates the naming store if not provided by the constructor .
create a calendardateunit from a calendar and a udunit string = unit since calendardate
return the boolean value for the passthrough key .
serialize the changes necessary to transition a consumer from the previous state to the current state as a delta blob .
cast value to a an int or throw an exception if there is an overflow .
sene one way msg .
get the prefix from a qname
public by accident do not use
inserts several child nodes after referent node .
sets the value of the phone1 property .
area of a simple polygon . meaning it can be concave or convex but can t have self intersections
makes sure that the timer is only run once after being restored .
fire onthrowable to all registered listeners .
method to inspect the cache
puts this symbol table s constant_pool array in the given bytevector preceded by the constant_pool_count value .
call this to zoom into a subset of the screen . startx starty are the upper left corner of the box in display coords width height the size of the box in display coords
detaches a timer
simply appends column name with optional table reference and alias .
indicates if values in this unit are convertible with another unit .
encrypts complete content block by block .
removes the specified component from the layout .
receive record and fieldpath from scripting processor . it resolves type of the field and if value is null it returns one of the null_xxx objects defined in this class . if field value is not null it returns the value stored in the field .
writes a marker byte to the output stream .
computes the eigenvalues of a general matrix .
merge map .
provide a helper function to convert an index object to a slice list .
runs command and returns process result .
filters child nodes .
for testing only .
gets the set of all open liberty features by scanning the product jsons .
take a snapshot of all the counters and group them by streams .
changes the pattern that this matcher uses to find matches with
gets the parents of this object in the goal - plan tree .
check if the uploaded artifact is actually a checksum file
get a specific event .
reads and decompresses a dictionary page for the given column chunk .
get a rtree index table dao for the feature dao
creates a new startevent . assumes the output is using the java - sound output .
set the paths for which we will inspect differences across the two states
count substring occurrences in a source string ignoring case .
we have to delay making these since we dont identify the dimensions specifically until now
add all of the toolbar s actions to a menu .
get the pixel values of the image as floats
closes all event streams still opened when event stream manager is destroyed .
add any reserved xml attributes to a node unchanged
construct a key from a long or string id
determines the unique set of the host names for the distributed system
parse the paypal response url using onetouchcore .
executed when a pooled connection is acquired .
overload flush to also write out the dmr
get java long array for a member of type long .
return the string of sector for the gini image file
compacts memory as much as possible by allocating huge memory block and then forcing garbage collection .
read a float
apply a boolean expression to all elements of a collection creating a new collection containing those elements for which the expression returned true .
returns array s element at given index .
write out a set of bytes
given a lat lon point find the x y index in the coordinate system .
builds the exception stack trace and prints it according to a level passed as argument .
returns the abstract type stored at the given local variable index in the output frame .
remove a service from this dataset .
gets the type of this type s provider .
reads your writes .
in addition to
unzips gzip - ed body content removes the content - encoding header and sets the new content - length value .
reads and sets the next feed in the stream .
bootstrapping the driver which starts a spark job on cluster
calcalates the log base 10 of an integer . this method favours longer numbers or evenly distributed input .
reads thriftmetadata from the parquet file footer .
attach this instance to http servlet request . load this instance state from http servlet request and mark it as attached .
finds the first occurrence of match in data .
read next event from buffer with respect to maximum timeout .
add the linestring to the path
a good place to set custom request headers .
escapes a string using java rules .
gets endpoint container lazily .
returns an input stream for the requested file .
applies configured processor on the intercepted stream .
converts the varargs to a scala buffer takes care of wrapping varargs into a intermediate list if necessary
replaces the very first occurrence of a substring with supplied string .
creates a resource from a given resourceelement . it can be css js . if resource tag name is group - ref the method will start a recursive computation .
ensures the standard slee lifecycle .
capitalizes the first character of the word given . it will convert i to i
find the grid record for the time and level indices canonical ordering is ens time level
getter for sourcerelation - gets the triple from which the search result was generated
reacquire any resources like file handles
reverse a string .
turn a list into a map
deletes the element .
forcefully delete an existing flow step .
child subscribers will observe the events of the connectableobservable on the specified scheduler .
get java byte array for a member of type byte .
getter for uris - gets array of uris that identify this named entity . there may be more than one uri if this named entity is ambiguous .
open or get a connection using the sqlite android bindings connection
generate chart style .
returns the outward flowing edge vertices .
inject config values to given stage .
converts a string to an integer . the string must be a valid integer or the result will be zero .
get jave date
add a file to the zip .
shutdown of the slee container
sets the value of the pricetype property .
registers an instance for member injection when that step is performed .
if out of bbox or cell not marked return max_double
generate small report into log .
multiply this matrix by a constant .
returns appropriate html headers .
returns a copy of the given array . the original array and the returned copy will have identical length and content .
the avro type field )
start activity logic independent of transaction management .
set the list of stations .
adds zoom - related contributions .
convert remoting response command to throwable if it is a throwable otherwise return null .
this method returns the number of gates
setup the base matrix so that the image is centered and scaled properly .
collect metrics from the resources
read the bitmap array when needed return null if none .
no escaping is supported no array content printing either .
calculate variance .
returns a random integer from the specified discrete distribution .
retrieve the file name for a font in the asset folder .
gets a binding implementation . first it check to see if the parent has a binding . if the parent has a binding and the binding is scoped it will use that binding . otherwise this checks for an explicit binding . if no explicit binding is found it looks for a just - in - time binding .
builds an options request .
create a default interceptor for given interceptordefinition . this method might return null as the underlying interface for default creation allows it as well - in such case no interceptor is needed .
wraps a completablesource into a maybe .
combines the provided partial incompleteness monitors into the top - level monitor for reasoning tasks .
creates the service name used for the job operator registered for the deployment .
sets emailwithdata content into msgtoset .
writes decorated content .
get mc bean name .
copy the color from one node to another dealing with the fact that one or both nodes may in fact be null
creates mixed scope message .
sets the value of the category property .
hack to update underlying file in slices handed out to app
sets the input items to the underlying comboboxcelleditor .
creates an edge between current vertex and a target vertex setting label as edge s label .
surrounds the string with provided prefix and suffix if such missing from string .
shutdowns the scope and calls all collected destroyable beans .
query for feature results in the bounding box
adds a new constant_dynamic_info or constant_invokedynamic_info to the constant pool of this symbol table .
moves an entry rule order one down from the current location .
creates new http web service endpoint .
inserts node before provided node .
method should be called when wrapped view gets changes related to this consumer .
saves used constructors of advices .
check if a message key is defined .
used to retrieve the corners of the box .
query for geometry metadata count within the bounding box projected correctly
test if any dimension is variable length
determine if a given region exists
lock the provided form container for logged in user .
creates an shape ndarray with the specified value
called by postconstruct interceptor
converts the string property of ip types to a list by splitting by commas and upper - casing .
notify all listeners about cacheperiod property changed . if passed newvalue is null the oldvalue is taken as new value . this is the case when the reloadcache is invoked .
convert an errorresponse to the equivalent xml
helps to set count and intervals
adds a prefix to the database .
iterate all beans and invokes registered destroy methods .
gets the value of the parkplatz property .
insert value into column of given name . object is automatically translated onto matching jdbc type .
assign a vertex id to a gradient
config can override ports
invalidate the drawable at the specific position so that the next draw call will refresh the drawable at this given position in the adapter .
determines if string array contains just blank strings .
this method load the record information by the internal cluster segment . it s for compatibility with older database than 0 . 9 . 25 .
sets the value of the zustandart property .
return a general naming exception with a root cause and a remaining name field .
add one occurrence of one ending .
get the unit string for the variable . looks for the cdm . units attribute value
returns an unmodifiable collection of all entries in the roster including entries that don t belong to any groups .
this method returns op id number for given opname
visits a multianewarray instruction .
lexnest - call a subroutine interpolating string at the lexical level note this is not a very general facility . there are a number of implicit assumptions about what sorts of strings can be subroutines .
gets current response created with exception parameters .
getter for occurrences - gets the occurrences of this variant .
creates a new table field .
gets the hash code for a mapentry . subclasses can override this for example to use the identityhashcode .
gets the session .
write an array of booleans
add all of the elements in the given collection to this list .
eclass - because we have no mcce support this just processing single characters .
make netcdffile into netcdfdataset with given enhance mode
return a boolean value indicating whether or not the server for this resource is dav compliant .
determine if the base id and related id mapping exists
factory method for delete events registration
the method will create a new node instance and try to add it as a child node . if an node with the same string token exists the method will return the existing node instead .
collect paypal device information for fraud identification purposes .
factory method for put events registration
get the channel tag if it exists that refers to an another channel .
loads all method arguments before invokestatic call .
try get from cache
update the channel to deploy group cache map
registers new path alias .
configure bounds for range module
return a naming enumeration over a collection .
determine if the header of the database file is valid
return the avro file input stream
construct a pending intent that can be used for starting request processing . note that after this method is executed executor of the request builder is always null .
add an edge to the vertex . if edge . from is this vertex its an outgoing edge . if edge . to is this vertex its an incoming edge . if neither from or to is this vertex the edge is not added .
submits the command to stop rabbitmq and blocks the current thread until the shutdown is completed .
creates binary search wrapper over a list with given comparator .
copy bytes from the supplied inputstream into this array .
returns true if all the order clauses are asc false if all are desc null otherwise
checks if existing connection is valid and available . it may happens that if connection is not used for a while it becomes inactive although not technically closed .
removes the given list of agents from the list of active agents .
converts the given path to a java package or fully - qualified class name
expands template variables arguments must satisfy all required template variables unsatisfied optional arguments will be removed .
validate that the image type is single channel 16 bit
copies specified number of characters from reader to writer using buffer .
gets the cell string value with number type .
check if any implicit actions are applicable . as soon as an applicable action is found it is returned . thus the returned list will have at most one element .
writes a single record to the destination .
get an array style property
puts a key - value mapping into this map . neither the key nor the value may be null .
initializes siblings elements of the same name .
get a property group for the given property base at the given index .
read a string of max length zero terminate .
finds common prefix for several strings . returns an empty string if arguments do not have a common prefix .
gets the relevant property from the container detecting alsoload collisions .
writes content to the output stream .
walks down two iterators comparing them element by element using the equals method .
inserts a set of attributes into the grid at the specified location . this is a private insert method that does not notify model listeners so that the public insert methods can do that as a separate step .
return a child by index
remove an objectfactory from the map of registered ones . to make sure that not anybody can remove an objectfactory both the scheme as well as the actual object factory itself need to be supplied . so you can only remove the factory if you have the factory object .
to avoid jvm hashcode implementation incompatibilities
false is returned when a cycle is being detected
allows subclasses to inspect the exception thrown by an attempt to bind with a particular dn . the default implementation just reports the failure to the debug logger .
get the last shard id in the given stream in preview mode kinesis source uses the last shard id to get records from kinesis
the request base as a uri
unsubscribes from a service name pattern .
fetch the set of ssp tasks for the uportal user .
returns the write quorum .
extract an error message from the given exception and its causes .
extracts media - type from value of content type header .
generates the resources
find station that contains this point . if it exists make it the selected station .
write a byte to byte array .
returns a label for a quantity in this unit .
puts a thread to sleep without throwing an interruptedexception .
validate an array of vectors to make up a message and compute the total length .
get the lock timeout value . the value - 1 means that the value was not set the value - 2 means that the value was infinity . return the integer value for the timeout key .
getter for score - gets the confidence score that the concept mention matches the concept .
parses the content using provided lagarto parser .
set the default style of the feature row
method that calls the attached turbofilter objects based on the logger and the level .
finds message in default bundles only starting from fallback bundlename .
converts a line segment into a general line . line segment is defined by two points .
processes the web request in bootleg .
set the length of buffer used for each term of the log . valid values are powers of 2 in the 64k - 1g range .
cloneouts - copy out arcs of a state to another state pair modifying type
when invoked by a derived instance places the given call in a queue to be sent to the server .
prunes expired elements from the cache . returns the number of removed objects .
connect to the database
read an array of shorts
adds html message .
apply scale factor to value return a double result .
dump this variable
gets the excel column name .
this is the main criteria plan in case the name was not obvious .
called by jdbcteeprocessor
return faces context resource path .
returns a set of keys for all entries in this group and optionally all of the keys in the defaults map .
setup faces cell picture charts .
setter for deplabel - sets the dependency label of the token with respect to its head .
gets the bg color from cell .
a utility method to convert a string name to a blockingmode
gets first child of this uber node having the given rel attribute .
purges an invalid logger from the cache .
evaluate input type .
this idiom keeps the iterator from escaping so that we can use try - with - resource and ensure directorystream closes . like ++
converts an object to a datastore entity with the appropriate key type .
add an incoming edge starting at from
challenge value associated with image file . file name is converted to lower case extension removed and non letter characters replaces with space that is non letters are considered words separators .
returns the robots rules from the cache or empty rules if not found
returns the value to which the key is mapped in this table .
builds a new name .
moveouts - move all out arcs of a state to another state
error handler .
inverse of makecalendardate
returns builder for creating a paged query .
locates the referenced mixin in one of the scope nodes on the stack . if found the mixin s scope is cloned and placed onto the stack in place of the mixin reference . additionally any arguments are applied to the mixin s scope .
convert internal attribute - value structure to semti - kamols tag .
finds first index of a substring in the given source string and range with ignored case .
look compression not used
sets the value of the address property .
upgrade whole stage configuration including all services if needed . convenience method that will lookup stage definition from the library .
directory is valid if it exists does not represent a file and can be read .
return the fully qualified idl module name that this analysis should be placed in .
deserialize the given json formatted file back into a object .
sets request host name .
throw an exception if the runner was already destroyed .
static constructor that creates a char sequence by making a copy of provided char array .
creates a list of random points from a normal distribution along each axis
whether the row is static . this check row after shifted .
return granularity that maps most closely to requested number of points based on provided selection algorithm
do the actual lookup of a piece of data
sets the value of the agent property .
map limit circle of this radius from the origin p 173
get containing catalog .
push element to the path .
get the current objectify instance associated with this ref
generate a hash code for an object array .
extract a sub array of bytes out of the byte array .
determine which metadata should be persisted for a given document including those which are not necessarily transferred to the outlinks
closest containing group
get a row of this matrix .
performs the actual decision based on a property of the state . if the quick lookup table has been initialized then the decision is taken straight from it . if not then the supplied reference to the decision tree at this point is used to find the outcome by scanning over its children .
close this control session with the archive .
gets the column width style .
get a system property
returns the dds object from the dataset referenced by this object s url . the dds object is referred to by appending . dds to the end of a opendap url .
iterates on all factories and append all collate names .
get all aspect ids which are currently missing but required by this aspect
unescapes strings and returns them .
removes the specified sbb entity but without changing to sbb s class loader first .
check if a file exists in the path
answer a new resource locator that identifies a particular server resource by it s url and label .
creates http proxy .
check network connection to the kudu master .
returns total number of transactions associated with current thread .
get the internal storage patch for the file path
finds index of the first character in given array the matches any from the given set of characters .
create a longterm forecast .
commit the message to the log buffer so that is it available to subscribers .
returns the stemmed version of the given word . word is converted to lower case before stemming .
creates an unicastprocessor with the given internal buffer capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .
parses un - quoted string content .
add a component to this module .
this is an amazing little recursive method . it walks a fanout of nested collection to pull out the leaf nodes
gets the value of the userdefinedanyfield property .
resets the search clearing out the queue and setting it to contain just the start state node .
check the interval .
create an arraychar from a string
returns a string containing the names of all supported tasks .
decompress gzip archive .
returns the package name for a jar entry .
do the regula falsi iteration procedure .
block until the latch is counted down and return the error received or when the wait is interrupted or times out null otherwise .
adds a symbol for a unit already in the database .
creates a new roster store on disk
append a node to the current container .
removes the specified property change listener from the list of active listeners .
set the default icon of the feature
returns servlet name to servlet class mappings .
returns file walking iterator .
draw the line path on the canvas
load all countries from the xml file source with datafx .
find the active counter id for a stream based on the session id .
debugging do not use in production . set counters to zero set debugging on
gets the group index of a named capture group at the specified index . if only one instance of the named group exists use index 0 .
execute given query and process it s result set .
gets all the children of this object in the goal - plan tree .
return true if the given string is an alphanumeric string .
writes the cause to file .
set all the elements of this array to the given double value . the value is converted to the element type of the array if needed .
starts the prefix mapping for the given prefix .
detached stage apis
create a reader builder for com . helger . genericode . v10 . codelistdocument .
set a new output destination for the document .
start media driver as a stand - alone process .
add a multi - value parameter to be sent with the request .
given the filenamepattern string this method determines the compression mode depending on last letters of the filenamepatternstr . patterns ending with . gz imply gzip compression endings with . zip imply zip compression . otherwise and by default there is no compression .
sets the specified work panel to listen to the button press events for all of the ok cancel and apply buttons . regisers this object to listen for changes to the work panels state .
in case of cache pollution and connection leak to do schedule scan
collects all parameters from target into an array .
swap underlying state engines between current and pending while keeping the versions consistent ; used after delta integrity checks have altered the underlying state engines .
convert an absolute error to a precision .
get the pixel values of the image as 16 bit unsigned integer values
euclidean distance squared of closest point on ellipse to point p .
emits a comment . also checks for conditional comments!
finalize the style for barchart . this will call setupstyle common first .
load the properties from the propertyfile and build the resources from it .
allocate a counter for tracking the last heartbeat of an entity .
print the rates to stdout
get object property value .
returns the amount of time to wait if the backend was queried too recently and needs throttling or - 1 if the backend can be queried straight away .
tires to authenticate user via the basic authentication . returns the token if user is authenticated .
get the result of an object path expression as a float .
renders the view by dispatching to the target jsp .
carcsort - sort compacted - nfa arcs by color really dumb algorithm but if the list is long enough for that to matter you re in real trouble anyway .
add a vertex to the graph
returns the cropping rectangle in image space .
gets configuration values . since there can be inner values it returns a map of objects where an object can be a simple type list or another map .
single job status
maps a scalar value into a publisher and emits its values .
joins an collection of objects into one string with separator .
create a simpleunit from the given name allow exceptions .
computes the mean of the list of points .
exports the presence to a hashmap
convert bytes into integer
if present removes the artifactparametername and the corresponding value from the query string .
this is an error that is not due to bad input record and should throw a stageexception once we format the error .
update an existing paragraph html field .
backslash unescape a string
escape special characters
delegates the execution to the configured command executor .
return a namespace name from a qname . the attribute flag tells us whether to return an empty namespace name if there is no prefix or use the schema default instead .
load properties from a file into a properties map .
add this as a dimension to a netcdf file
composes an object from the attributes of the given dn .
adds a constant_dynamic or a constant_invokedynamic_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
formats a percentage of two numbers and adds padding to the left .
set the maximum size of the local log file . once the maximum file size is reached no more data will be appended . consider that this file is sent to a server .
map a tensorflow node name to the samediff equivalent for import
transformes the exponent value of the gain to the id of the gain change point
check the position of x - false .
creates single directory .
set the application specific feedback for the status message .
use preemptive http basic authentication . this means that the authentication details are sent in the request header regardless if the server has challenged for authentication or not .
if a command line has been parsed calling this method sets all of its free arguments that were name = value pairs on the specified properties .
data category name from table a
reloads the propertiesfile into the properties object
returns indexes of the first region without escaping character .
read an xml document from a url and return the root element .
retrieve a form field via name .
method to decide which of the entities classes should be initialized
get the recorded position of an active recording .
reads cookies from response and adds to cookies list .
parses the nocache keyword if found .
parses a string .
get the service name for this view .
setter for isobjuri - sets boolean flag - true of object field is a uri false otherwise .
default method for stopping the logback context
orchestrate what definitions should be used for this bundle .
submit a json based http request body with json as a response .
sets new projection for subsequent drawing .
get the origin date .
converts the conic into a parabola . if the conic isn t a parabola then it is converted into one by adjusting the value of b .
add a nested dataset at the location indicated by index .
creates a session using the global request controller .
fill in metadata to record . this is for new schema creation .
return a cannot - proceed exception .
inserts the element at the specified index . this only works if this index already exists .
converts a spanned text to html
dirpath is the directory relative to rootdir directory is absolute
using partition name and value that were obtained from record compare them with cached partition .
generates the no - more - data event
resets the learning method . this should clear all the examples properties to learn from and for and the input machine to train .
set the data values from a list of strings .
match if one character equals to any of the given character .
gets parent element or null if there is none
get the custom serializer for command code .
returns a list of supported audio sample rates this codec can encode audio in .
check if the datastore exists and contains data . this method will check for the presence of the set of files that can be used to read data from the store .
rehashes the contents of this map into a new array with a larger capacity . this method is called automatically when the number of keys in this map reaches its threshold .
round number according to decimal places .
updates an existing flow .
calc total height .
wraps an existing object instance in a componentinstance and run the post construct interceptor chain on it .
verifies that the entity has exactly one id field of type long .
getter for the uninstall actions .
check the user s password and execute the login request
check each element of the set make sure all the element contain required fields
create a calendardateunit from a calendar name and a udunit string = unit since calendardate
return a general naming exception with a root cause .
add the given parameters to an already configured number of parameters .
converts a numeric value from the underlying derived unit to this unit .
get data for this station within the specified date range .
close the file
fills the stream from current position writing ilength times the ifiller byte
collect a jdr report when run outside the application server .
causes the repository view to refresh if it is open .
get the array element at a specific dap4 index as a double
removes the element at the given position of the table shifting if necessary other elements so that all elements can be found by linear probing .
forwards an event into state machine . state machine will deliver the event to a handler methods responsible for its processing . if there is no handler method found then event gets silently ignored and this call has no effect .
current session bean invocation is ending close any transactional entity managers created without a jta transaction .
method will create a bufferedreader to read the file .
provide an extra api for use in testing
sets the value of the distanzzu property .
read the current object in the input stream from the stream optionally deserializing any vendor - specific data in the stream .
checks whether there are not released buffers in the pool
re - measure the loading views height and adjust internal padding as necessary
returns the web endpoint method parameter from http session .
for pretty printing which character had the error
adds a symbol for a unit to the database .
sets the plan instance variables using the given results set .
logic to execute after invoking a management method on the mbean
this array translates the column index to the model index
obtain the static - catalog setting from the properties .
inserts several child nodes before provided node .
deletes the record without checking the version .
returns only the first record if any .
split multiple options into an array of options .
get a messages context appropriate for the given request .
return full configuration as raw string - string values
saves the internal secretkey as a keystore .
override replaceobject to check for remote objects that are not remotestubs .
that is internal method which is called once we encounter any error inside of jvm . in such case we need to restart jvm to avoid any data corruption . till jvm is not restarted storage will be put in read - only state .
gets the value of the pdf property .
if there is a conflicting value when reading from multiple files an exception will be thrown
initializes connection parameters by the reading xml configuration . if not specified get the parameters defined as global configuration .
initialises the intention selection pools .
serialize the given java object into json string .
adds the http response headers to the record header .
make deep copy to an arraystructurebb whose data is contained in a bytebuffer . use the order of the members in the given structure ; skip copying any not in the structure
restores a table from a text file .
parse html tags returning a collection of htmltoken objects .
validate the header of the database file to verify it is a sqlite database
checks the accept header to see if clients accept the correct media type
internal use only .
starts the watcher .
try to determine the feature type of the dataset by examining its metadata .
add many objects converted to strings together . null are ignored so be careful .
get the value for the given key in the android system properties
propagates metrics entry to the thread local metrics collection does nothing if local metrics collection is missing .
lookup of the activity context id bound to the specified aci name
the websocket server can only be started once
create a compiler object .
calculates the row ranges containing the indexes of the rows might match the specified filter .
returns an array of param keys that belongs to provided bean . optionally resolves the value of returned parameters .
search for a jpaentry with the specified id . if the entry exists in the persistence context it is returned ; otherwise null is returned .
is this a child of that ?
check if an object is fit to be proper input ... has to be comparable if the comparator has not been set and non - null
compairs the entries by name note created and modified properties in that order .
creates a copy of the collection of all clients that are presently being tracked by the server .
introduce a number of spaces at the start of each line .
set the scheme for this uri . the scheme is converted to lowercase before it is set .
get the specific processor with command code of cmdcode if registered otherwise the default processor is returned .
add a new jspservletwrapper .
finds the area of the intersection of two polygons .
extracts and removes parameters from a cell .
seeks to a previous key frame prior or on the given frame if the track is not seekable returns 0 .
returns the temp file path to write records to
node specific generators
try to authenticate a pre - authenticated user with spring security if the user has not yet been authenticated .
put all of these values in the key value store .
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with this stream . except the underlying stream is not actually closed ; that is left to the servlet level
registers file consumer
add to the current list of delegated catalogs .
marshals the object to an xml string .
if the message should be logged convert the jdk 1 . 4 logrecord to a log4j message .
creates a url for the specified string representation .
is the specified node red? if the node does not exist no it s black thank you
inserts an exception into the logging_exceptions table
identify which countries intersect with the given bounding box . the given bounding box may wrap around the 180th longitude i . e minlongitude = 170 and maxlongitude = - 170 .
determine if factory type matches wanted feature type .
read an int . throws an exception if not enough data is present
getter for predicate - gets the predicate of the triple - always a uri .
this method ensures both passed domains contain the same value .
retrieve background color for plot area .
important! only for internal usage .
determine which datatype to use for serialization .
put chart image to session map and return the key to web .
visits an annotation of the field .
verifies whether comment of cookie satisfies specified matcher .
parses command line arguments for a given cli parser .
search to a certain location .
sets the value of the epart property .
decode the bytes to a bitmap with options
loads the token data for the supplied series identifier .
set the control mode for multi - destination - cast . set to manual for allowing control from the publication api .
creates a new unconnected vertex with no fields in the graph .
repositions the stream .
gets the port from the casserviceurl ensuring to return the proper value if the default port is being used .
initializes the cache for use . prior to this the cache has no store .
adds the ability to jump to a specified position of the current track
add a collection of sasl mechanisms to the list to be used .
returns an existing target file list producer instance or creates a new one if it s the first call to this method .
receives the emails as specified by the builder .
this function uses dom to obtain a list of nodes from a xsd file .
get the int array from the variable attribute
convert 4 bytes to a float .
sets the month component of the timestamp returning the new timestamp with updated component .
define reconciler - this has to be done for each partition . currently there are 3 partitions inside rule outside rule and inside comment .
returns a kafka connection uri
org . apache . xerces . impl . xmldocumentscannerimpl . dispatch
records the offset of the start of the code for the named functor .
allows you to select a property or property path .
method to add annotation to this monomer
sets the value of the energyrating property .
tries to find a match for the provided breakpoint information from the list of registered breakpoints . for stepping and possibly other purposes it returns also a breakpoint for cases where exactly the same line was not found .
helper function to build the ttl mapping . only insert to the mapping if the value is a valid date .
executes the list of operations . this exec method is for only invoking operations rather than creating them
schedules prune .
set the data as a collection of pointfeature .
enlists this transactional resource with the current session . if no session exists this will fail .
getter for sections - gets content of sections in the document .
extracts profiles from the key name and adds key - value to them .
delete user mappings by base id
walks over the child notes maintaining the tree order and not using recursion .
read data array by first reading in gribrecord . all sections are read in so scanmode is from the datafile not the index .
creates and initializes petite container . it will be auto - magically configured by scanning the classpath .
remove the current event listener .
finds macros end .
deprecated but here for back compatibility
replaces strings matching a pattern with another string . if the string to be replaced is escaped with a slash it is skipped .
present and 14 days .
adds the schema name to the set if the schema name doesn t correspond to a hollow primitive type . factored out to prevent bloat in the switch statement it is called from .
returns profile property .
lookup a context in jndi
private metadatamanager mm ;
gets the xssf pictrues map .
return chart type from ctchart object .
factory method for constructing an unknown unit from a name .
prints a formatted string to standard output using the specified format string and arguments and then flushes standard output .
factory for result sets mapper .
provides the storage cell for the specified variable . some types of variable may defer their storage onto a storage cell other than themselves other variable types may simply return themselves as their own storage cells .
cuts sufix if exists .
defines a resource that represents elytron - compatible trust managers that can be exported by a jsse - enabled domain in the legacy security subsystem .
find the field with the specified name .
set values on the ui
xxx default access superclass workaround .
report on the debug stream that the rule yyrule is going to be reduced .
single ptg .
nicely formatted representation of bytes eg turn 5 . 636e7 into
replace the contents of a file with a different text .
adds the element to the set represented by given data array if it did not contain there already .
create the rtree extension for the feature table
prepare for new width and hight .
used generally when the result is assigned to a variable
returns the descriptor corresponding to the given argument and return types .
changes the rectangle coordinates by adding the specified x and y offsets
sets the run as identity
returns the table index for the counter at the specified depth .
returns all the entries of this map . case sensitivity does not influence the returned list it always contains all of the values .
utility method to copy the bytes from an inputstream to an outputstream while also assembling a hash value in the process .
closes the transaction and releases all the acquired locks .
show the value of a double with specified number of decimal places
creates a 3 - level list structure annotated with list with elements of the given elementtype . the repeated level is inserted automatically and the elementtype s repetition should be the correct repetition of the elements required for non - null and optional for nullable .
method to validate the repeating section it can be a single number or a range
removes everything from last order by .
maps a parquet and arrow schema for now does not validate primitive type compatibility
get a list of all the features in the shapefile that intersect the specified bounding box . this requires testing every feature in the list created at construction so it s faster to just give a bounding box o the constructor if you will only do this once .
copy imaginary numbers to the given ndarray
validates that a keystore with the given parameters exists and can be used for an ssl context .
returns true if there is an existing ingress rule for the given service
read the catalog behind the specified url .
lookups for locale data and creates new if it doesn t exist .
find the highest member id in an array of members .
resolves the specified local name and prefix into a java . lang . method . returns null if the prefix and local name are not found .
breakup list of convention names in the convention attribute in cf compliant way .
indicates if this dimension is dimensionless . a dimension is dimensionless if it has no factor - s or if all factor - s are themselves dimensionless .
this method returns the spinner view
add play bindings .
returns a set of dependencies that can be iterated over to clean up stray jit bindings .
parse the command line
flush the stream .
add an attribute to this node replacing any existing attribute with the same name .
allows to retrieve all rels defined for this affordance .
filters requests to remove url - based session identifiers .
build the where ids clause
invoked in dev mode when a server error occurs . note that this method is where the url set by play . editor is used .
if there is a recordel then an arg could eval to empty string . this method returns args that are not null or empty .
returns current method signature .
this method creates shapeinformation buffer based on shape being passed in
get the value of the projection parameter . an illegalargument exception is thrown if the parameter is not found .
update an existing masked text field .
produces a flow of bytestring using json . stringify from a flow of jsonnode . calls out to comet . flow internally .
access the database obtain a list of primary key columns and store them in primarykeycolumns . if table has no primary keys primarykeycolumns stays empty .
get the feature style paint from cache or create and cache it
used to create an proxy that dispatches either to the guice - servlet pipeline or the regular pipeline based on uri - path match . this proxy also provides minimal forwarding support .
print information about the property on the configurable object .
this is the old gempak table not as precise
returns the secret key for a sub - domain . if no key was found then the default secret key will be returned .
flattens the array for linear indexing
hashes the input string .
derived implementations can override this method to provide new server user implementations .
initiate the response with an xml file with an xml header
binds the given prefix to the given namespaces .
newlacon - allocate a lookahead - constraint subre
setup control attributes .
retrieves a flow by primary key .
setup binary content with the bitmap .
returns the number of currently held disposables .
return the applicable system system identifier .
copies the reader list from the current catalog to a new catalog .
setter for candidateanswers - sets candidateanswervariants generated from this searchresult .
look need different hashcode reader assumes using object id
get the pixel at the coordinate
set this column vector from an array of values .
complete the multi upload .
sets the actual provider .
open a featuredataset from an invdataset object deciding on which invaccess to use .
open a featuredataset from an invaccess object .
creates new servlet mapping meta data and associates them with servlet mappings meta data .
resets the global state .
create a writer builder for com . helger . genericode . v10 . columnsetdocument .
query for the tile tables linked to a feature table and return tile daos to those tables
creates and adds additional pkce parameters for use in the oauth 2 . 0 authorization and access token requests
sets the value of this record at a certain index position .
set a property creating if it does not exist overwriting if it does .
this is the method that actually loads the library . it maintains an object level lock and since this class only allows a singleton object that is a class - level lock . that means if you re loading a library on one thread other threads will block until it finishes .
gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a byte array . the result is independent of this stream .
resolves runtime name of model resource .
read data subset from positioningdatainputstream create primitive array of size layout . gettotalnelems . reading is controlled by the layout object .
this method requests to change state to toe
rendering the empty datasource .
execute a write operation
removes the ranges from shift map .
get an ordered copy of the set of sbbs attached to this ac . the ordering is by sbb priority .
converts a point from homogenous coordinates into euclidean
calculate azimuth of a ray
adds a fact to the rule using a name value pair to specify a new fact .
bracket - handle non - complemented bracket expression also called from cbracket for complemented bracket expressions .
builds the form command from sheet config .
register processor to process command that has the command code of cmdcode .
puts a long into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
validates the key and object ensuring the value matches the key type and canonicalizing null objects to the null sentinel .
set current element at dimension 0 1 2 to v0 v1 v2
non - blocking publish by gathering buffer vectors into a message . the first vector will be replaced by the cluster ingress header so must be left unused .
create a validator builder for com . helger . genericode . v04 . codelistdocument .
retrieves the object pool for the specified sbb and service .
end event has been delivered on the activity context .
maps a type to the corresponding cursor get function . for mapping objects between the database and java . if a type is not found getblob is returned
initialise jpa entity manager factories .
finds column descriptor by column name . case is ignored .
a very fast reduce by . if performance is your thing this seems to be as fast a plain for loop when benchmarking with jmh .
get the indexed type or throw an error if not indexed
creates a distributed database instance if not defined yet .
checks if a typemirror is mapped to sqlite integer type
creates a matcher that matches on the specific method and any of the provided patterns .
increment or decrement the current selection by one row .
implementation of newsetbinder .
sets the value of the bootsstaende property .
create a response with known length .
adds a new child to the tree .
compare and set the value of the current active term count .
sets the save objects in hidden column .
fires off a list of property change events to any interested listeners .
buffer size .
perform % - encoding on a single byte .
syncs the slee tracer level with the one that related logger has in log4j
prints welcome banner .
read populated ordinals as a bit set from a stream and notify a listener for each populated ordinal .
loads props from the file . assumes utf8 encoding unless the file ends with . properties than it uses iso 8859 - 1 .
takes the mail item into the queue and manages the mail sender thread . if thread is alive it will send the mail at the end of current thread queue . else a new thread will be created and started .
replay a recording from a given position .
resolves reference from given values . returns bean reference of given value or defaults if given name is blank .
return an ordinal to the pool after the object to which it was assigned is discarded .
this method will be called to create and fire the startmusicrequest
prints the current indention followed by the given string
invoke the original method on a different object of the same type .
reads the stream .
load the workbook from saving .
make a nicely formatted representation of a latitude eg 40 . 34n or 12 . 9s .
error handling events
returns only the installable units that are features ignoring feature groups .
parse validate attributes .
returns if the request is a query request eg to perform a read
specify an object request content that will automatically be serialized to json or xml and sent with the request using a specific object mapper . this works for the post patch and put methods only . trying to do this for the other http methods will cause an exception to be thrown .
sets this frame to the value of the given frame .
subtract another complex number from this one .
scans the directory for number of files yet to be processed .
gets the save attr list from row .
handling exceptions in general for rest responses
exec a backwards operation and return the end result
process excludes rules .
if no task cached create one and initialize the connections . if task cached check whether the number of connections adequate if not then heal it .
get the style id either from the existing style or by inserting a new one
gets the size of the lz window buffer that needs to be allocated .
fires event about exception is thrown in data flush thread
returns whether the given streams have the same content .
checks to see if a string is inside of another
add a set of abstract valuetypes to the ir .
expands the size of the storage to whichever is the larger of 1 . 5 times the old size or an array large enough to hold the proposed key that caused the expansion copying the old data into a new array .
adds a constant_fieldref_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
swap two nodes in the tree .
create a gbx9 index from a single grib1 or grib2 file . use the existing index if it already exists .
dump throwable stack trace and request context to application logger .
executes the outbound sns operation .
for debugging messages
convert the keys to values .
public main to start the application executor .
invoked when a server error occurs .
returns an identity function that simply returns its argument .
return the avro file reader
assume filled validated section
logs the rsm page not found error and returns an iq error response
call this when you have set all the sequence lengths .
get the digest of a closed file
brings up the indicated picture on the display .
creates a composite operation using the specified operation steps .
wraps arguments passed into a list if necessary .
gets the value of the feld property .
convenience method for adding a double option .
sets the path prefix url for . dtd resources
if t is assignable from value then return the value . otherwise tries to create an instance of this type using the provided argument .
create a new multi choice select many field .
sets whether this propfind is in the prop name form .
this is a convenience factory method that extracts the list of nodes from the edges . it assumes that every node has at least one edge going from or to it .
this function does the replacements by iterating through all the regex patterns . it accepts a string url as input and returns the altered string . if the normalized url is an empty string the function will return null .
write a raw character .
sets the permissions on a graph .
records from mysql binlog origin have a bit unique structure .
set extra information used by station obs datasets .
loads and parses a schema for the specified subject from the schema registry
process the frame if it is a closing frame
find the station index for the specified station id .
increase upper level final length .
get the name of the os for libary discovery on the classpath
set up cell style .
get cacheelement specified by hashkey . if found update lastused in shadowcache .
extract the sessionid cookie value
checks to see if the given tag name maps to a tag file path and if so parses the corresponding tag file .
returns the configured server list for the requested cluster .
return an os family from parsing a gnu autoconf triple .
get the cf feature type
sets up metrics relating to the size of the font used to display the text grid . this only needs to be done once but this method can be called many times as it is guarded by an initialization flag to prevent these being calculated many times .
merges the current properties values with the new ones and uses the ra to verify the configuration
query by both base id and related id
create a synthetic full name from a group plus a string
called by jdbctarget
load a complex ndarray from a blob
initiates the browser switch for a payment flow by opening a browser where the customer can authenticate with their bank .
evaluates the given query against this agent s belief base .
track coordinate variables
setter for operatorargs - sets the operator arguments in a complex query concept .
sort the arrays using an in - place merge sort .
sets file name .
this method depending if securitymanger is present switches class loader using priviledged action this is requried as some action may be initiated by unsecure domains .
resets the stream to its beginning so it can be read again .
getter for types - gets a list of concept types that the concept belongs to .
initializes the cache creating all required objects and initializing their values .
create a new range shifting this range by a constant factor .
compute the euclidean norm of this matrix .
handle sqlexception in a smart way detecting if the exception is data oriented or not .
return the selection of rules .
calculates all dependencies required by the implementation and constructor .
generates a hash for the fields present in a record and their mappings . a specific implementation of the hash function is not guaranteed .
return the ranges for an interval at this granularity
downloads a remote du to a local folder
copy files from one dir to another based on file extensions .
find the active counter id for recovery state .
set a list of transformers to apply on decorated model factory .
get the class short name
starts asychronous fetching of the batch .
method that uses the data from the outputextensions to generate a final output that will then be rendered .
lets use the project and its classpath to try figure out what default icon to use
collects all changes and rebases .
unpack an eight - byte ieee float from the given byte array .
produces a mapping of label to index for use in parsing state values to the appropriate slot in the state object .
is this a layer?
sets as an element created by a string .
convert a time udunit string
gets the value of the bueropraxen property .
deletes a whole tree . puts all its pages to free list for further reusage .
builds a basedaomodel from the class passed as attribute basedaoclass of the annotation entity
used for debugging to get a human readable description of the channel .
calcalates the log base 2 of an integer . this code is tuned to uniformly distributed output values longer numbers are slightly favoured .
execute a presentation file
writes created class content to output folder for debugging purposes .
count escapes to the left .
get the feature row from the rtree index table row
verifies that the current transaction is still the one used to create the object
do the secant iteration procedure .
set the map area .
get the path to the data descriptor file
creates a socket using socket factory .
symmetrically encrypts the string .
sets the value of the gebaeudeart property .
returns the maximum of the given values .
log the runtime exception to the specific websocketimpl
returns a boundstatement if a metric needs to be inserted to the metrics_delayed_locator column family . returns null otherwise .
matches a template string against a pattern replaces matched tokens with the supplied replacements and returns the result . the regular expression must use a capturing group . the value of the first capturing group is used to look up the replacement . if no replacement is found for the token then it is replaced with the empty string .
return true if the given path does not ascend into parent directory .
settings from a custom calabash . xml
generate json by given file with properties with only included domain keys .
search for axis by type .
we will need to re - order the groups
tries to login user with basic authentication .
create a json representation of the goodwillschemafield . it will always contain the name type and position . description and sql attributes are however optional .
for debugging purposes only .
phone number verification
associate transaction to current thread .
gathers the standard options shared by all tasks .
returns bearer token .
sets the key on a container from the pojo .
convenience method for adding a boolean option .
insert frame into term buffer .
get a gif file make it into an image .
this method just makes sure that the attribute field in each aliases resolves correctly if there ends up being a looseends attribute table at the top level .
installs alignment decorators in all of the table s columns .
returns the spinner entry view
find the member by its name .
read all the bytes from input stream and convert them to a string using utf - 8 charset . input stream is closed after this method invocation .
resolves all variables .
returns a combined map of class and method level container interceptors
finds the point of intersection between the two lines defined by the set sets of points passed in .
sets the aci cmp attribute
todo attribute . marshallasattribute should return boolean
rearrange matrix columns into blocks
generates a html summary row for a subdirectory .
initialize the binder with our current state
find an enricher or generator config possibly via a profile and merge it with a given configuration .
sets a validating script for an account .
write the current model state to a file in support of incremental compilation .
access protectedurl using username and otp for basic auth . check if what we get back contains expectedoutput .
returns css path to this node from document root .
returns the api used to manage the threadpool
add all ; replace old if has same name
send a message as text .
return the label name for a counter type identifier .
find the control toggle counter or return null if not found .
allows different queue search algorithms to replace the default one . this overidden method ensures that the peek at head flag is always set on the search algorithm and that it expands it successor nodes in reverse as for depth first searches .
estimate the total number of bits used to represent the integer set .
getter for concept - gets the abstract concept that the text span conveys .
get an instance without identity . can be used by finders create - methods and activation
the square root .
gets the pictrues map .
adds the given key and value pair into the map if the map does not already contain a value for that key
gets the next product version number .
get the context service name .
this method decodes thresholds array and puts it into target array
takes in a point and writes its xml
decrypts the encrypted data .
validates provided context and value withing this constraint content .
starts the aggregators instance .
delimeter that separates role names in tag attribute
parses the fetchplan keyword if found .
add a single model transformer .
replaces the file content with the content of the provided file .
private method to swap two elements in the array
invoked when a client error occurs that is an error in the 4xx series .
initializes file walking . separates input files and folders .
query for geometry metadata within the bounding box in the provided projection
replaces the element at the specified position in this list with the specified element .
returns url without context path convenient for request dispatcher .
tries to move a file from the source to the target atomically . if atomic move is not possible falls back to regular move .
returns the template as uri components without variable expansion .
test if content type has a parameter with requested name and value .
returns the static owner server for the given cluster .
scans single classpath directory .
read all the bytes from input stream and convert them to a string . input stream is closed after this method invocation .
set attribute if key absent .
gets the value of the statushp property .
stabilize to be within a range of k
inserts a collection of metrics to the correct column family based on the specified granularity
sets properties for use in configs
remove context from the local thread .
strips trailing char if string ends with one .
filter nodes .
add file separator
returns the element with the specified key from the map . creates adds and returns a new element if no match was found .
convert a world coordinate to a display point
get java int array for a member of type int .
initialize the context .
drop streaming service listener .
convenience function ; look up parameter by name ignoring case .
delete a tile
package access for testing purposes .
discover firerest services located in a range of ipv4 inetaddresses . e . g . the range of 256 addresses that starts with 10 . 0 . 1 . 128 ends with 10 . 0 . 2 . 127 .
create a new empty bitmap and canvas
add a condition to this precondition . conditions are or d together to check for a matching resource .
read bucket pointer from page .
updates the metric metadata .
visits a method or constructor declaration .
put a key and value pair in the map of params .
adds all parameters from the provided map .
is this date after the given date . if ispresent always true .
executes actions scheduled for before commit at first
similar to loggingmxbean return list of available loggers . filter is string that has to occur in loggers name .
converts media timevalue to edited timevalue
generates a clause which invokes a function that returns a boolean value .
the collection is immutable .
updates the state of the entry with the new values .
returns the named port for the given service name or blank
return a url object of a resource that is mapped to the specified context - relative path .
divides this derived unit by another .
sets the value of the region property .
returns total number of transactions of the specified status associated with current thread .
reads a line into the given byte array .
sets the value of the strom property .
parse an xml string content to dom
initialize the parameters of the computation for this stage ; this is the first thing to be done before stage is executed
this method creates shapeinformation buffer based on shape & order being passed in
checks if the provided url is a resource proxy request .
opens connection in auto - commit mode if already not opened .
read the contents from the named file and place into a string assuming utf - 8 encoding .
debugging flags . this is a way to decouple setting flags from particular implementations .
remove the appender passed as parameter form the list of attached appenders .
specify a new default stream to the print to .
returns all icons from bundle .
creates an json path configuration that uses the specified parser type as default .
todo move to undertowdeploymentservice and use all registered servlets from deployment instead of just one found by metadata
combine the given string collections into a set using case - insensitive matching . if there are multiple instances of the same string but with different capitalization only the first one found will be included .
read page content with given index from cache or file .
is this xy level missing?
given a url search the path to look for protocol indicators
initialize the scheme for this uri from a uri string spec .
sets query from provided query string . previous query values are discarded .
compares two objects starting with first comparator ; if they are equals proceeds to the next comparator and so on .
if this has a time interval coordinate get time interval
set current element at dimension dim to v
get the feature table default styles
find the active counter id for heartbeat of a given service id .
copies all non - final values to the empty cloned object . cache - related values are not copied .
select results for oql
getter for name - gets a human readable concept label .
convert 4 bytes into a float value .
public static final string unidata_css
returns all the configured data centers names if any .
calcalates the log base 10 of an integer . this method favours shorter numbers .
given a cdmnode create its full name with appropriate backslash escaping of the specified characters .
exclude any objects which are referenced by excluded objects .
loads a protobuf file descriptor set into an ubermap of file descriptors .
sets the value of the moeb property .
return all distinct names registered by this discovery type .
dumpcolors - debugging output
grabs the last few items from the list .
gets the decimal separator by default locale .
get the name of a field by column number .
creates the correct type of search nodes for this search . this search uses ordinary search nodes .
end glassfish 750
query for style mappings by base id
test that selected image identified by given token is the right response .
convert the given value to a collection of granted authorities
when the parsing step is done the node list can be transformed into a converter chain .
return an unmodifiable map of provided and extracted meta data
get the information for a parameterized type
signals the given value and an oncomplete if the downstream is ready to receive the final value .
returns deployment authentication method .
sets the model resources to parse . if no list exists internally it will be created if necessary .
adds a client interceptor factory to all methods of a view
method for showing current status of the deployment manager .
generate list of error records from the error sink . what precise records will be returned depends on the error record policy configuration .
returns the inputs for the given function
interns an operators name as a functor of appropriate arity for the operators fixity and sets the operator in the operator table .
checks if a class is the top of a diamond hierarchy
sets the buffered image directly .
skips the next sequence of white space in s . an exception is not thrown if there is no matching white space .
dispatch a descriptor message to a consumer by reading the fields in the correct order .
return an array of the data for tasks performed .
calculate the hash .
determine if the feature table is indexed
whether the row is static . this only check rowindex against original template .
dispatch lifecycle joinpoint .
attempts to canonicalize null references to the system class loader . may return null if for some reason the system loader is unavailable .
this is only allowed at various points of the transaction lifecycle .
determine the file column names based on the position within the requested columns and use that as the requested schema .
copies exactly data . length bytes from this segmentedbytearray into the provided byte array guaranteeing that if the update is seen by another thread then all other writes prior to this call are also visible to that thread .
fixme use capabilities & requirements
indexed setter for sections - sets an indexed value - content of sections in the document .
creates the chameleon instance . the instance is not started .
computes the destination folder based on resource type .
remove a listener .
write an array of longs
when retrieving more statements lrs will return full path .. the client will have part in the uri already so cut that off
find the closest point on the triangle to p .
selects a tangent point on the ellipse which is closest to the original source point of a .
print the counter values as a horizontal bar chart . scale the chart so that the longest bar is max_bar_size .
poll the configured objects now and store the results in the objects themselves .
split a string using the given separator with no escaping performed .
returns true if the configurationexception is due to an error of typeliteral not being fully specified .
method will prepend the parent text to the child and generate the possible combinations in text format .
it is very rare that this method would be required . you probably want to use entryset instead . this method returns all entry s in this map no matter what its transactional status .
perform a raw query
a request has come in check that the state has been initialized . this is called from the request thread .
createfullexport creates a full export of the workspace data or an export of the changelog depending on given type
main entry point
create a reader builder for com . helger . genericode . v10 . codelistsetdocument .
gets a design document from the database .
get all meta data values which match namespace and key
gets the value of the weitereadresse property .
activates the ra entity
create pipeline stop event .
open an in - memory netcdf file .
records from mongodb oplog origin have a bit unique structure .
method used in mojo
sets the date component of the timestamp returning the new timestamp with updated component .
will throw an fstbuffertoosmallexception if buffer is too small .
this method encodes the query part of an url
returns the area of the intersection of two rectangles .
create an atomic valued variable .
converts packing long int
run the diff
stuff for filecacheable
returns sub sequence .
reports announcement - related metrics .
converts the parabola into a conic .
clears the map .
register the default accessdecisionmanager . adds the special jsr 250 voter jsr - 250 is enabled and an expression voter if expression - based access control is enabled .
raise to an integer power and round .
lastcold - determine last point at which no progress had been made
set current value of editcomponent
compute the next position of xn .
creates and returns a servletoutputstream to write the content associated with this response .
set the cache root directory . create it if it doesnt exist .
here escaped means backslash escaped short name
sets your client id and client secret .
signals the signallable resource if the size crosses a threshold boundary in a downward direction .
copy and close the reader and writer streams .
get the metadata elements of the specified type .
sets the value of the erdwaerme property .
loads base properties from the provided java properties . null values are ignored .
read data from this ray .
returns the nodes with the requested status .
delete object in context .
sets the unencoded name of the class instance .
stop an existing replay session .
checks whether the log messages do not contain the expected text .
remove the property with the given name from this resource .
retrieves an existing flow step via primary key .
returns a new persistenthashset of the values . this data definition method is one of the few methods in this project that support varargs . if the input contains duplicate elements later values overwrite earlier ones .
closes the sql statement .
merges the template and context into a file . if the directory of the file does not exists the full directory path to it will be created .
set the profile table and profile referenced by this profile identifier to new values .
pings the apache sling server url every 5 seconds to see if it has finished booting . once it receives an ok status it enables the button to launch the browser and disables the launch nakamura button .
taken and modified from android source for api < 11
refresh after status changed .
get enricher config
retrieve the tile row
indicates the url that the user agent used for this request .
make mfileos if file exists otherwise return null
build the client used to make http requests .
updates the cached jwk set from the configured url .
get the closest zoom level for the provided width and height in the default units
create a new join or find an existing join on the specified attribute .
adds new vertex to specified depth
get exclusive runner for use .
get the geometry metadata for the current place in the cursor
executes with a lock
return the real path for the specified context - relative virtual path .
processes the raw snippet that was set by the bid making any transformations necessary .
sets the value of the einzelhandelgross property .
set the feature styles for the feature table and feature id
acquire a filecacheable and lock it so no one else can use it . call filecacheable . close when done .
return true if event passed as parameter contains one of the specified user - markers .
enables profiles to iterate .
replaces the protocol specific prefix and removes the query path if it exist since it should not be accepted .
once the children elements are also parsed now is the time to activate the shutdown hook options .
write records to the evaluated tables and handle errors .
read an array of ints
write bytes . append = false
statistics are no longer saved in page headers
declare an image in the registry table .
appends a suffix to the source basename .
create from a matrix . the rows are the indices the columns are the individual element in each ndarrayindex
if this dataset has an authority and an id then the concatenation of them is the globally unique id .
creates a rotation matrix about the x - axis .
return a objectmapper if exist else new objectmapper
refresh body rows in range .
gets the logcat tag string of a logging event
check if propagation of a transaction is possible due to source and destination transaction modes .
resolve the argument to inject into the controller parameter .
copy all bytes from in to out specify buffer size
retrieves a map copy of the aci attributes set
verifies if the specified ra entity link name is referenced by a non inactive service .
creates the root subsystem s root address .
return image from given url .
handles links embedded in http response headers .
crops all elements of string array .
prepends argument to the existing description .
registers a new jill extension .
if the provided throwable is an error this method throws it otherwise returns a runtimeexception wrapping the error if that error is a checked exception .
verifies that the given password matches the hashed one .
format column names based on whether they are case - sensitive
reads file content as char array .
find station closest to this point . make it the selected station .
unescapes css string by removing all backslash characters from it .
runs a symbol key traverser over the clause to be compiled to ensure that all of its terms and sub - terms have their symbol keys initialised .
fail safe setter creation when normal compilation fails .
builds a post request .
grows the buffer .
sets the value of the metadata property .
drops a database from a remote server instance .
applies capture conversion to the given type .
write the flags field for a frame .
pushes record to cache . identifier of record used as access key
if there is no input stream use the file to create one .
return a cataloggenconfig when given a cataloggenconfig jdom element .
return the property value for the given propertyid or null .
get current value of the named field
returns the das object from the dataset referenced by this object s url . the das object is referred to by appending . das to the end of a dods url .
adds byte content into the zip as a file .
removes a single character from string .
read cache for the specified cache entry .
tries to add logger if it doesnt exist
returns id value for given entity instance .
sets the value of the pelletheizung property .
chinese characters transform
get the polygon paint for the feature style or return the default paint
load words from jdbc
allocate a counter to represent the heartbeat of a clustered service .
write 8 consecutive bytes
helper method to ensure nodes are not visited more than once .
returns the playbackstate from the resource
configure method for token generation configurations and encryptor configure
end activity logic independent of transaction management .
matches the given node s name and local name against the given desired names .
decreasing the capacity of the map
resturns the length of the specified side that is composed of point index and index + 1
pads an ndarray with zeros
writes a dictionary page page
return a menu which launches the various wizards
sets the value of the wohnungtyp property .
returns the string value with the specified key .
returns a list of all objects .
writes a constraint ows element out .
deletes the provided field .
markst - mark tree nodes as inuse
remove backslashed characters in a string
returns the string identifying the given cublasstatus
returns the euclidean distance of the closest point on the polygon to the provided point .
add a listener to the coordinator with a given target name and event scope . this information is used when an event is fired to determine whether or not to fire this listener .
converts all separators to the system separator .
sets the value of the gewerbe property .
if both classes are not bookmarks they are equal . if they are both bookmarks they are compared by url then newwindow properties .
sets the buffered image . unusual method use with care .
begin api override
creates a new muteevent will mute everything
set a property on this propertysetter s object . if successful this method will invoke a setter method on the underlying object . the setter is the one for the specified property name and the value is determined partly from the setter argument type and partly from the value specified in the call to this method .
examines a throwable object and gets it s root cause
add a method interceptor class name .
indicates whether the response reaches the end of the elements available on the server .
return a synchronized counter .
compare two objects
specify the hostname of the proxy .
read data subset from bytebuffer create primitive array of size layout . gettotalnelems . reading is controlled by the layout object .
split string by = sign .
multiply this matrix by another matrix .
convert an object to a list .
this is where the fun begins . time to deploy!
try to perform an amazon action and increase the duration between requests if some exception is exceeding resource usage exception is thrown .
converts column name to property name .
adds a fact to the rule .
sets the value of the blick property .
wraps the given callable in a contextual callable that continues the http request in another thread . this acts as a way of transporting request context data from the request processing thread to to worker threads .
mangle the specified character to create a legal java class name .
handle the enable - client - handler element .
inject uploaded files from multipart request parameters .
returns the exponential of a complex ndarray
raises this dimension to a power .
fetch textforecasts and warnings for a geographical point or area .
reads a url or file in as a table .
looking for an existing file in cache or not
returns instance map from http session .
parses info on named capture groups from a pattern
write cdl representation to printwriter .
read one yx array
adds a new environment property to the environment of this context . if the property already exists its value is overwritten . see class description for more details on environment properties .
setter for triple - sets the relevant triple searched in the rdf store .
performs a search using the supplied filter and returns the union of the values of the named attribute found in all entries matched by the search . note that one directory entry may have several values for the attribute . intended for role searches and similar scenarios .
read in a json string containing base - 64 encoded data and decode it .
draw the path on the canvas
register custom serializer for class name .
removes the rows in body .
returns all profiles names .
look this could be a problem
gets a file object from a file path to a sqlite database
gets the child of the specified element having the specified unique name . if there are more than one children elements with the same name and exception is thrown .
returns the label corresponding to the given bytecode offset . the default implementation of this method creates a label for the given offset if it has not been already created .
indexed getter for sections - gets an indexed value - content of sections in the document .
checks if a class should be included as a system class .
set the session config .
stops petite container .
finds existing chunk or creates a new one if does not exist .
this is only called for thredddsmetadata
handles the record in result .
get the key type of a map .
create the instersection of this latlon with the given one
add a text combobox field .
get the set of features defined in the server . xml
recursive method which reverses the path into a forwardpath .
specify a custom jaxb object mapper factory .
clear out all the values thus setting back to the initial state .
resolve expression from record
takes performance data are split by components from last snapshot and aggregates them with data passed inside method as parameter . result of aggregation of performance data is returned inside of passed in performance data .
notifies handler that an active invocation is complete .
strips everything up to the first appearance of given char . character is included in the returned string .
defines filter for cc field .
get the size of a particular station variable
evaluates the given object as a string and trims it if the trim flag is true .
indexed setter for hitlist - sets an indexed value - hit list of search results sorted in descreasing order of relevance score .
return the j2ee user name .
read an error chunk
might produce a caching version if caching is enabled .
returns a string containing a comma - separated list of name = value pairs from a map .
sets the parent for child command .
set current projection if found else deselect
create an invcatalog by reading catalog xml from a string .
updates the ra configuration .
changes the status code of the response sets the http reason phrase and ends the exchange .
matches element to css selector . all non - element types are ignored .
releases the lock held by this thread on the stateful component instance .
method to retrieve data for this field
element wise minimum function between 2 indarrays
bind the entry into the injected context .
returns true if the point is inside the polygon . points along the border are ambiguously considered inside or outside .
private methode called by the public ones to effectively run the query .
create a query parameter with a number value .
call this to change the center of the screen s world coordinates . deltax deltay in display coordinates
make a vertical dimensions
returns the current context in the given config
converts numeric values from this unit to the underlying derived unit .
specifies the ellipse which point distance is going to be found from
get property value according to property key
manage the compound id for variables
resets this stream to the last marked location .
add the set of bindings for a given plan to this store . any previously stored bindings for this plan will be replaced .
evaluates the given ognl expression tree to insert a value into the object graph rooted at the given root object .
writes current buffer to underlying output and resets buffer .
calculates relative path of target path on base path .
sets the value of the parkentyp property .
lookup an entry type
returns all action wrappers . returns a copy in new set .
lookups for table reference and throws an exception if table reference not found .
creates a functor .
gets the max item from the array . sorts the list descending first .
delete the feature table icon for the geometry type
returns true if any of the given resources could be found on the given class loader
filter the provided aspect lists by a predicate on the id
defines filter for from field .
registers property injection point .
delete cell from row .
gets the value of the emailsonstige property .
and jsonpaircontext . read
check that page size is valid and alignment is valid .
reads data from input stream into byte array and stores file size .
processes the context s response in - place modifying properties that may contain macros .
this is the launch button action method . this method launches the apache sling bootloader and informs the user to wait before accessing it in a browser .
find a channel by name
evaluates the given query on the given belief base for the agent .
clears all the children of this point in the tree . if this point is a leaf it will have no children so this operation does nothing . if this point is a node it will be reduced to a leaf by this operation . this implementation supports turning nodes into leaves .
sets the supplied state for this iterativecallback .
construct the standard thredds access uri for this dataset access method resolve if the uri is relative .
implements the cacheloader interface .
gets metadata for the specified kind
make type conversion of keys for specific index .
swap the order of the integers in place .
this method checks if a given throwable is fit for local handling returning it if it is and throwing it otherwise .
method to generate for all sections a helm2 string
adds an item to the unique result set
set the initial value for the termid in the upper bits of the tail counter .
deserialize request command
add permission and message one by one .
sets the specified string as the value of this attribute . the value to set must be a legitimate member of this attributes type when the type has been finalized . if the type has yet to be finalized then the new value is added to the set of possible values for the type .
utility method to log errors in the egit plugin .
generates a value - noise value from the coordinates of a three - dimensional input value .
stop background storage management .
updates the layout register file with a new set of layout registers .
set the feature table default icons
ensure that all future ordinals are returned in ascending order .
handle decora tags .
determines whether it s time to clear expired logs
returns the parser configuration .
enable logging of both the request and the response if rest assureds test validation fails with the specified log detail
builds universal ejb meta data model that is as agnostic .
get the numeric operation code from record header . the default code is used if the operation code is not found in the header . this can be overwritten in inherited classes .
sets the value of the projects property .
sets integer and fractional part with normalization . normalization means that if double is out of range values will be correctly fixed .
determine if the tiles are in the google tile coordinate format
svd based method for fitting a plane to a set of points . the plane s equation is returned as a point on the plane and the normal vector .
map an existing file as a read only buffer .
validate this resultservice object . return true if valid false if invalid .
reads the contents of a reader one line at a time until the end of stream is encountered and returns all together as a string .
reports whether or not this variable is bound to a value .
writes a string of characters to the filtered writer . any newline characters \\\\ n are replaced with an html break tag &lt ; br&gt ; .
perform any final cleanup before the component is destroyed .
prepares response for file download with provided mime type .
returns the last line that doesn t start with a dash
creates unique key for method signatures map .
closes this clhmstatementcache and removes all entries from it .
adds init methods .
inserts an object into the scope .
printxmlattributes helper function
has any explicit include value or might have implicit includes because there is a hidden or readonly flag .
converts separated string value to camelcase .
delete the feature index for the geometry id
adds a constant_fieldref_info constant_methodref_info or constant_interfacemethodref_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
pan the displayed image to make sure the cropping rectangle is visible .
read the section of data described by want
factory method for opening a netcdffile through the netcdf api .
gets the full dn of a name by prepending the name of the context it is relative to . if the name already contains the base name it is returned unaltered .
remove double quotes from around a string . if there s not both start and ending quotes does nothing .
puts two bytes into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
decodes one frame of aac data in frame mode and returns the raw pcm data .
sends a notification indicating that the connection was reconnected successfully .
retrieves all steps via flow .
stop capturing thread s output and return captured data as a string .
the name of the dataset is the last part of the location
match any records of the specified type which have the specified field set to the specified value .
lazy instantiate the local index .
makes a title - cased string from given input .
adds all the entries in another unitdbimpl to this database .
convert xssf color to color .
skips forwards until the filter finds the first match . returns false if none found .
sets the address of the specified operation .
clears entries up to and including the specified key from the map . this is a simple garbage collection operation to clear consumed data from the circular buffer .
calculates hash value of the input string .
find spans within that paragraph and add them to the paragraphspanprocessor to be removed once the paragraphspanprocessor processes its spans .
are two cluster members using the same endpoints?
sets the value of the pauschalmiete property .
matches the regular expression
returns single value of a parameter . if parameter name is used for more then one parameter only the first one will be returned .
query for all table geometry metadata count matching the bounding box in the same projection
replace the rowlist with this one .
extract the specified port
pops the given number of abstract types from the output frame stack .
bind this binding key to another binding key .
creates a new class loader replacing the current one having another path added to the classpath . the new path is the path to the jar received in this class constructor .
checks if is unsaved status .
assert that no workspaces are currently open
show soft keyboard .
builds the authentication details object .
compares the content of two byte streams .
removes the cached cell for row .
the real logic to resume the event context
enables list of profiles .
parse the localconcept files needed to create grib1 tables for use by the cdm .
set the location of this vertex .
upon calling this method the ejb will be set to a shutdown state and no further invocations will be allowed . it will then wait for all active invocation to finish and then return .
creates an object pool for the specified service and sbb . if a transaction manager is used then and if the tx rollbacks the pool will be removed .
extend the bounding box to contain the given rectangle
convert an attribute write method name in java format to an attribute name in java format .
maps the specified key to the specified value in this table . neither the key nor the value can be null .
set how much the data may overlap .
remove formating from kamols - style tag .
builds the watch list for cell .
method used by background thread to check the jsp dependencies registered with this class for jsp s .
sets petite bean property .
create the final bitmap from the layers resets the layers
judge whether it is birthday
since salesforce doesn t like scientific notation in queries
setup cache . this operation causes disk reads .
check whether flags is a empty flags
get the log4j logger corresponding to the java . util . logger . logrecord
set the lookup reuslt in the result field
loads props and properties from the classpath .
gets the hash code for the key specified . this implementation uses the additional hashing routine from jdk1 . 4 . subclasses can override this to return alternate hash codes .
peg a value to either the min or max depending on sign .
return true if this ucar . units . unit is a date .
gets the original row num in hidden column .
initialize the unit table . this is used if there are no units in the file .
removes the first part of the sql up to the relevant from . tries to detect sub - queries in the select part .
resolves host name from ip address bytes .
hook for adding extra environment vars
ends a file once all blocks have been written . closes the file .
finds next nth mpeg bitstream marker 0x000001xx and returns the data that preceeds it as a bytebuffer slice
returns true if this map maps one or more keys to the specified value .
print all of the clauses in the clause vector .
creates the subkeys .
loads all method arguments before invokespecial call .
this will load in the dsl config file using the dslmapping from drools - compiler
reads utf file content as char array .
replaces the element at the specified position in this array with the json representation of the specified string .
removes the row .
make a string representation of the exception .
returns the toplevel deployment module classloader and all subdeployment classloaders
returns fresh bean with same usagetimers just reset to zero accumulated time to be used as the new live stats
given a string that contains www escape sequences translate those escape sequences back into ascii characters . return the modified string .
retrieve all methods from an interface including super interfaces except the ones specified in the provided map
writes coverage data to json file .
set the navigation block attributes on the variable
submitting a new input for processing . submitted input jobs are first buffered and then concurrently processed by workers . if the buffer is full the method blocks until new space is available .
basically throw out map list map list and null values fields .
finishes the tree building . closes unclosed tags .
get geopackage metadata by name
get all the edges in graph of a specific edges class and all sub - classes only if ipolymorphic is true .
caches returned entities . replaces new instances with existing ones .
fire a property added event to the given list of listeners .
getter for querystring - gets the query string associated with the hit .
refresh the schema for the table if the last update of this table was before the given scn . returns true if it was updated else returns false .
reject the attributes if they are defined or discard them if they are undefined or set to their default value .
immediately repaints the surface .
the entire request including query string
returns the utf - 8 encoding of the specified character sequence .
determine if the given name can be used for a dimension attribute or variable name . should match makevalidnetcdf3objectname .
finds the closest point on the line segment to the provided point p .
parser specific methods
adds the next transform in the sequence .
process refresh cell .
namely if they have the same x range they would intersect
unsets the context of the ra object .
retrieves all user query information .
creates a userdetailsresourcefactorybean with a resource from the provided string
toggles keyboard visibility .
returns a function that ignores its parameter and returns the given value .
cleans snapshot to keep the last n snapshots . defaults to 5 .
scans provided paths .
clears all content .
defines decora tag position inside decorator content . resets current decora tag tracking .
constructs a resource location from a jsse system property .
get a list of all the field names in the dbase file
parse the available sasl mechanisms reported from the server .
generate a random string with ascii letters and digits .
getter for query - gets the query in the native syntax of the corresponding search engine .
returns a non - null filter which is a wrapper around either a filterpredicate an unboundrecordfilter or a no - op filter .
writes this http response to the specified web context .
parse the content of a given file into an xml document .
gets the anchor associate chart id .
generates a random starting position .
recalculates image based on new dct coefficient
depthwise conv2d operation . this is just separable convolution with only the depth - wise weights specified .
the default content for this activity has a textview that is shown when the list is empty . if you would like to change the text call this method to supply the text it should use .
get the icon of the feature table and geometry type
root is 0 top level entity properties are 1 embedded things are higher .
set the current element s index . general - rank case .
gets the beginning index of a geometry s points given the index of the geometry within the array .
get a column of this matrix .
get the muxer that this stream belongs to .
gets the value of the hallenlagerprod property .
get a related simple attributes table dao
stop the connection lost timer
visits children nodes .
set the value of the ndarray to the specified value
print some debug log when receive request
do a rotate left . standard fare in the world of balanced trees
test that the passed image is valid and conforms to the converters specifications .
if the string is quoted trim the quotes .
uses json deserializer to parse method invocation arguments accordingly formal parameters list .
uses the ruby whois gem to perform a whois lookup
loads a resource from the module class loader
send msg .
returns the address of the specified operation
normalize this vector so it has norm = 1 . 0 .
appends string . append = true
builder to create an instance of ocspfetcher using apache httpclient for connectivity .
compute the determinant .
returns a servlet output stream .
display info about stored secured attribute .
create the inheritance link with the absract class provided by the developer
closes all assigned result sets and then closes the query . query becomes closed .
returns true if the replication is active otherwise false .
method that is suitable for user with traditional aspectj - code aspects .
finally builds proxy methods if applied to current method .
synchronize all design documents on desk to the database .
return the size of the scaled image as a neatly formatted text or zero if there is none
writes protocol buffer to parquet file .
copies directory with specified copy params .
generates a data uri from a byte array and outputs to the given writer .
gets the vertical alignment from cell .
the method will check to see if a node with the same string token already exists . if it doesn t it will add the token as a child and return the same node .
visits an annotation of the class .
get the information for a type variable
this method replaces the scale type of an image view without call to layout requests .
configures logback with the configuration xml read from a file located at the given url
generates query string . all values are url encoded .
log a message for a canonical event at the info level . default values are used for all other parameters .
adjust the layout of the field editors so that they are properly aligned .
bufferizes index changes to be flushed at commit time .
adds a post activate interceptor
adds a post construct interceptor
creates an error response for a given iq request .
returns the singleton instance for this class
initializes cache and opens underlying file .
extend result with all the values in the list of enscoord
override the module loader with the given play bindings .
when file timestamp is the same as what the browser is sending up send a 304 not modified
gathers the functors to compile as a sequence of choice points . these exist as the arguments to disjunctions recursively below the supplied disjunction . they are flattened into a list by performing a left - to - right depth first traversal over the disjunctions and adding their arguments into a list .
prepares the path for a file creation or replacement . if the file pointed by the path already exists it will be deleted a warning will be emitted to the log in this case . all absent directories along the path will be created .
used only for head requests . sets up a record for output based on headers only with an empty body .
add an object to the register return handle if already present . called during write only
renders node to appendable .
compute the arctangent of x to a given scale |x| &lt ; 1
merges all path patterns and and creates a single string value which will be equal with service methods path annotation value and http method type . generated string will be used for permission checks .
run specified operations in safe transaction block .
checks for a magic byte in the data and if present extracts the schemaid
method that creates the scaled image in the background in it s own thread .
creates a token source on a file .
examine stack trace to get caller
creates a rotation matrix about the z - axis .
this is an example to get or create a region
get metadata where the name is like or not like
registers the work flow button panel with the specified work flow controller . this will cause the work flow controller to receive button press events from the panel and register the button panel to receive state changes from the underlying work flow model .
check if given gtid + seqno pair is contained in this incomplete transactions .
visits a method instruction . a method instruction is an instruction that invokes a method .
handles the volume - command
dovec - fill in arcs for each element of a cvec all kinds of mcce complexity removed .
requests couchdb creates a new database ; if one doesn t exist .
removes enclosing quotes and unescapes double quotes
return true if and only if given property is defined with non empty non default value
creates the root object for expression evaluation .
read stationname strings
start to monitor given handle object for becoming weakly reachable . when the handle isn t used anymore the given listener will be called .
login constructor . the constructor starts the thread used to periodically re - login to the kerberos ticket granting server .
a simple second - order map function for sets
creates new security constraint meta data and associates them with security constraints meta data .
gets the thousand separator by default locale .
create a reader builder for com . helger . genericode . v04 . codelistsetdocument .
sets the value of the geschlattr property .
process method for push source that will give control of the execution to the origin .
tries to authenticate user via http session . returns the token if user is authenticated . returned token may be rotated .
checks if the specified expression represents a constant expression .
set the polygon paint
prints a welcome message .
if a custom cl is in use we want to get the module cl it delegates to
get the paint for the style row id and draw type
finish getting the metadata if necessary . if this is an xlink this will trigger a read of the href the first time called .
consumes a token of the expected kind from the token sequence . if the next token in the sequence is not of the expected kind an error will be raised .
adding new parameter to the netcdf file
create the required geopackage application id and tables in the newly created and open database connection . then close the connection .
rename a group attribute . must be in define mode .
parse the host ip of socket address .
save pciture in map with index .
complete the taxonomy computation stage and the stages it depends on if it has not been done yet .
creates an alist from a given list of elements .
copies code from the specified code buffer into the internal one resizing the internal code buffer if necessary to make enough room .
build series list .
check the current size of the buffer and throw an exception if the size is bigger than the max allowed frame size
sets the value of the solarheizung property .
skip until the given string is matched in the stream . when returned the context is positioned past the end of the match .
creates a string for specifying that a user requires one of many roles .
increasing the capacity of the map
saves attachment to a file .
returns the number of the records of the class iclassname considering also sub classes if polymorphic is true .
initializes the model .
generates a map of key values to store in the footer
copy blobstore resources to data directory
static factory methods
starts the playing command
sync the file
setter for namedentitytypes - sets list of named entity types associated with this concept .
convert the byte array to an int starting from the given offset .
gets the save attr from list .
get xcolor from ctsrgbcolor .
converts char array into byte array by replacing each character with two bytes .
makes a transaction from the running or shutdown state to the terminated state or no transition if the current state is not running or shutdown .
send exception ex to errorrecordhandler in order to let the handler process it .
combine many hash codes into one in a way that depends on their order .
should be notified every time byte - code is added to the machine .
finds the unique object an instance of the unique type for a given key .
login user and retrieve authentication token .
do the actual iteration
return a set with all sbb entities attached .
this version goes back to life without a transaction but preserves current options . we use the session from the parent ie life before transactions .
return all applicable system system identifiers in this catalog .
methods of deployauthservice
gets a rows attribute if possible without overflowing the underlying array .
appends rsm info to query response .
do we have all the axes types in the list?
converts a geotuple3d_f64 into dmatrixrmaj
search for axis by type .
convert paths to null
get all views that have the given type in the application
get the class loader of the object passed as argument . return the system class loader if appropriate .
get a rectangle with rounded floating point boundaries using the tile width height bounding box and the bounding box section within the outer box to build the rectangle from
rollbacks the micro - transaction if it s a top - level micro - transaction .
sets the date header for the http response
returns chalked string .
stops the container executed in weldstartservice to shutdown the runtime before namingservice is closed .
create a list of services ordered according to the ordering given in the service descriptor files . note that the descriptor will be looked up in the whole classpath space which can result in reading in multiple descriptors with a single path . note that the reading order for multiple resources with the same name is not defined .
sample a dataset
return the value of a jaas configuration parameter .
specify the two transforms which values are to be interpolated between
get named property .
fluent setter for rulesets .
print the string containing the digits of pi .
returns the given properties resource on the project classpath if found or an empty properties object if not
creates a parquet schema from an arrow one and returns the mapping
this does the actual connection to the opendap server and reading of the data . all data calls go through here so we can add debugging .
dependency types come before dependent types
get the property for a given function
make a copy of this resource and place it at the location specified by the given destination locator .
provide a method for getting the capabilities document .
handles the resource model auto detection .
look maybe combine grib1 grib2 and bufr ??
convert 2 bytes into a signed integer .
report the start of dtd declarations if any .
close transport canceling any pending read operations and closing channel
enables usage of provided watch file .
create an invcatalog by reading catalog xml from a stringreader .
given an array of bytes it will convert the bytes to a hex string representation of the bytes
creates packed 4bit list with 7 values in it
register a cursor wrapper for the provided table name . database queries will wrap the returned cursor
decorates preprocessor with mandatory decorators . this method is synchronized to ensure that processor is injected before it is being used by other thread .
creates an unicastsubject with an internal buffer capacity hint 16 .
sets the minutes component of the timestamp returning the new timestamp with updated component .
defines filter for single flag .
adds profile property .
start a background job showing a progress bar as long as the job runs . this seems contradictory but with background job we mean one that runs off the ui thread to prevent an anr . we still have to wait for the processing to be done because we need the result .
configures channel security . in order for this configuration to be useful at least one mapping to a required channel must be provided .
define custom strategy to use for edge attribute .
returns a name to identify each client thread .
updates gauge for the registered thread with the given details . note that the value of the threadname argument must match the one used to register .
generate a random string with ascii letters .
indicates if notifications are enabled for the specified parameter name
swap the grid header avoiding strings
this method is invoked by the validator automatically
lookups for locale info and creates new if it doesn t exist .
computes the center or average point in the quadrilateral .
creates web meta data for ejb deployments .
get the next larger node from the specified node
removes the entity it will unconfigure and unset the ra context the entity object can not be reused
remove the index on property
read out a type - specified number .
determine if management console can display the second level cache entries
returns an arraylist of strings .
appends argument to the existing description .
look though all datasets here or under here . do not go into catrefs
computes the value of t for a point on the parametric line
setter for sourcerelation - sets the triple from which the search result was generated
validate all rules for single cell .
creates an encryptor for queryable text strings that uses standard password - based encryption . uses a 16 - byte all - zero initialization vector so encrypting the same data results in the same encryption result . this is done to allow encrypted data to be queried against . encrypted text is hex - encoded .
creates a new instance of the requested strategy . since strategies are stateless if an existing instance already exists then it s returned .
get all datasets contained directly in this catalog
resolves result path as a string when parts are not important and when only full string matters . additional alias resolving on full path is done .
find the named service declared in this dataset or one of its parents .
is this date before the given date . if d . ispresent always true else if this . ispresent false .
read the header of input file and parsing the nowrad part
add image to operation .
write an array of ints
this method decodes an url with encoded query string
return true if the push request require an unregister
send object back to client encoded json with given http status code . take care to set content type length and language . content language is extracted from request context locale .
verifies that the startmusicrequest is correct and checks whether the you are meant to react to it
is the specified black red? if the node does not exist sure it s black thank you
translates sei method to component view method .
converts a line segment into a line in parametric format . it will point from a to b . point a and b must be unique .
returns logger for given name . repeated calls to this method with the same argument should return the very same instance of the logger .
write the term id field for a frame .
handles an http request sent to this action by struts . this simply forwards to the location specified by the redirect request parameter .
validates action . profiles are reset after the invocation .
returns a snapshot for persistency
this method is used to find a number in an array .
binds parameters .
vector aggregations are saved only by shards started aggregation process . all other shards are ignoring this meesage
getter for offsetinendsection - gets character offset of the end of this passage within the section that contains this passage .
tries to add one worker incrementing ctl counts before doing so relying on createworker to back out on failure .
recursive cleanup of a timeoutimpl
increase index number in shift map .
clear the current set of properties to add and remove .
add property entry only of value is not null
converts double value to the text description .
forcefully deletes the provided field .
create an builddochandler that serves documentation from a given directory by wrapping a filesystemrepository .
creates a file with a non - conflicting file name in a specified folder based on an existing file name .
restarts the sweep alogirithm . useful after a kill has stopped it .
returns the number of attributes of the attribute list that begins with this attribute .
show if not iconified
write the dsr ; do not bother to cache .
sets the value of the description property .
stores session in map and broadcasts event to registered listeners .
used internally for adding view . need because we override addview to pass - through to the refreshable view
adds transactional actions to the active transaction to passivate a profile object .
backup all tables to csv files one per table
instantiate a compression descriptor from the given bytebuffer
verifies if the specified class can be loaded by current thread class loader
setting up the factory to use database pool instead of creation a new instance of database connection each time .
synchronously returns a response from a service request .
tries to offer an item into the internal queue and returns false if the queue is full .
start the vault with given alias .
returns all instance nodes of the specified type node and all its sub - nodes .
check if a remote port is taken
retrieves a set containing all activity context handles in the factory s cache data
this method updates state only if it wasn t set before
starts creation of first chain delegate .
set the log config .
decrypts the whole content block by block .
needed by time coordinates
gets the input type from cell type .
print some log when request timeout and discarded in io thread .
finals all solutions to a search and inserts them into the specified collection .
get a file in the cache . file may or may not exist . we assume its always writeable . if it does exist set its lastmodifieddate to current time .
save persistent state .
gets the locale .
make a structure for the part
starts the rabbitmq server process and blocks the current thread until the initialization is completed .
generate dependency from a url .
check if the group has at least one resource of some type .
now property definer is initialized by all properties and we can put property value to context
sets the attribute into the servlet context . the name of the attribute will be computed for you .
sets the list of file extensions . if no list exists internally it will be created if necessary .
check if the provided group is a target group .
in - place scalar multiplication
fill the token buffer .
indexed getter for candidateanswers - gets an indexed value - candidateanswervariants generated from this searchresult .
return an iterator of the attribute names of this node . if there are no attributes an empty iterator is returned .
add a throwable that is to be handled .
search the verticies for one with data .
creates a new leavingevent
how many prohected components of this grid object?
ensures that saturation is restored and taxonomies are cleaned . also invalidates stages that depend on the saturation if it changed .
copied from abstractplay2sourcepositionmapper . java
remove jndi alias binder services .
sets the provided transform so that it does not transform any points .
creates the correct type of search nodes for this search . this search uses heuristic search nodes .
create a default jpa configuration with the given names and unit names .
unregister a resource adapter deployment
create the implementation of the fire event methods
call after adding all runs
only rows in dynamic area will be added to watch list .
this method will create a default namespace or project if a namespace property is specified in the xml resourceconfig or as a parameter to a mojo .
verifies whether domain of cookie satisfies specified matcher .
looks up for record in cache by it s identifier . optionally look up in secondary cache and update primary with found record
set the query string for this uri . a non - null value is valid only if this is an uri conforming to the generic uri syntax and the path value is not null .
get the feature styles for the feature table and feature id
read a scaled 3 - byte integer from file and convert to double
builds the target url according to the logic defined in the main class javadoc .
clear coordinate system metadata to allow them to be redone
set a property value . if the edge is lightweight it s transparently transformed into a regular edge .
creates a new readersentry instance for the current thread and its associated atomicinteger to store the state of the reader
adds the ability to select tracks
method to get the id s from all polymers and groups
computes the timeout according to the transaction size .
notification message saying that the server supports tls so confirm the server that we want to secure the connection .
finds the first occurrence of an element in an array .
generate a cache bound to the thread .
internal only . fills in one shot the record .
get table name from the metadata record .
gets the object value of a object attribute .
indexes bindings by type .
gets the child elements for a given local name without namespace
replace variables to internal sdc directories so that users don t have to be entering fqdn .
merge this model with another model . this is useful for supporting model imports .
derives a string name for the given principal .
if the index is negative it returns the negative of the value at - index . starts at 0
the cube root .
returns a list of supported pixel formats this codec can encode video in .
elapsed millis from base
opens the database .
check to see if this is a valid area file .
get the value of a column identified by an id within a specified row . this method only handles simple values .
serialize the map of table to offset to a string
parse the person lookup response from ssp .
creates a new stringbuilder with the given number of spaces and returns it .
updates the trackinfo - object
creates all directories at once .
return y x range
start the server
build the regionsyncreport the given
idempotent other than when the month changes between two calls
retrieves a basetype function from the library . if the function is not found the library will attempt to load it using the mechanism described in the class documentation .
compare the type of a class with the actual value
checks that the current method
used by methodinterceptorgenerated generated code
adds a new constant_integer_info or constant_float_info to the constant pool of this symbol table .
retrieves the profile cmp slee 1 . 0 wrapper for this profile object
gets child elements
euclidean distance between the two specified points
gets the string or long id from the key as a value or null if incomplete
updates the view state when the mode has been set . this does not do any checking that the mode is different to current state so always updates .
get all point forecasts from now and to the given hours ahead .
get request cookies .
create a subset of the structure consisting only of the one member variable
adds a constant_class_info constant_string_info constant_methodtype_info constant_module_info or constant_package_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
add the vertical coordinate variables if necessary
show cache contents for debugging .
when the simplify tolerance is set simplify the points to a similar curve with fewer points .
getter for operatorargs - gets the operator arguments in a complex query concept .
adds the consumer to the specified eventlifecycle . in its current implementation the invocation of the callback method is parallel but the notificaton of the listners not .
finds all named groups that exist in the input string . this resets the matcher and attempts to match the input against the pre - specified pattern .
returns the initialized abstract type corresponding to the given abstract type .
32 bit rewind and reverse
if the specified query was added to the index this method marks it as not - computed and deletes the query results .
locates target using path with various extensions appended .
checks that all the requested vars exist . if all fills out the param . vars with all grid names throws exception if some of the variables in the request are not contained in the dataset
get the base service name of a component s jndi namespace .
add backslash to escape the | character within quoted sections of the input string . this prevents the | from being processed as part of a regex .
spi contract for this method
converts all separators to the unix separator of forward slash .
gets the value of the haus property .
extract the data for a given field by name .
run loop for the rate reporter
execute the create cluster .
parses an rsm from a query xml element
creates a mapping of the supplied authorities based on the case - conversion and prefix settings . the mapping will be one - to - one unless duplicates are produced during the conversion . if a default authority has been set this will also be assigned to each mapping .
strip vlen dimensions from a set of dimensions
sets the tie command alias list .
setter for docid - sets a unique identifier for the document that conatins this passage .
scopes an internal factory .
exclude the record which matches the specified key .
return true if this path appears to start with a windows drive letter
finds timevalue of a frame number
copies input stream to output stream using buffer . streams don t have to be wrapped to buffered since copying is already optimized .
visits a class declaration .
deinterleaves audio samples from inb into outs using sample size from format
get an array of argument specifications for the given keyword .
colorchain - add this arc to the color chain of its color
closes a transaction .
constructs a new cipher .
executes a non transacted fire event operation .
check if we all time intervals have the same length .
sets the value of the garten property .
init databases .
validate the geopackage database
fires listeners when a reconnection attempt has failed .
parses this string as instance of a specific field
cancels any existing periodic ping task if there is one and schedules a new ping task if pinginterval is greater then zero .
returns true if this map contains a mapping for the specified key .
creates an instance of this machine loading and checking for availability of the native implementation library as required .
get an input stream for the given filename .
create a string of the parameters .
deal with having components on more than one line
this method can be invoked to stop the current reader
determine a random value s interval and count it .
register global processors for managed classes . post - processors are singletons and only one post - processor instance of a type is allowed .
collects all action results .
obtain user information from the session
set the grid scale .
returns this propstat s prop .
create a flow that is handled by an actor .
define the definitive url unescape function .
run from the web interface .
sets as dirty a pojo . this is useful when you change the object and need to tell to the engine to treat as dirty .
triggers the ws deployment aspects which process the deployment and install the endpoint services .
detaches an sbb entity
get all data for this station .
optionally specify paths for which we will match records within an individual type s hierarchy
add to properties a new key with value extracted either from filterconfig or from configurable properties file . this method helps to ensure backward compatibility of the filterconfig vs configproperties configuration .
get any meta - data associated with this media item
start the watch .
start the connection lost timer
allows subclasses to customise behaviour when too many sessions are detected .
returns the names of specified fields .
checking the handshake for the role as server
updates the outline page .
cdl representation of a variable .
configure underlying transaction manager .
get managed method that is remotely accessible and has requested name .
initializes the reader in order to be used . the reader is initialized during the first connection and when reconnecting due to an abruptly disconnection .
split short value into two byte buffer . first byte of short will be written to first byte buffer and second to second one .
gets non transactional graph with the database from pool if pool is configured . otherwise creates a graph with new db instance . the graph instance inherits the factory s configuration .
builds security meta data .
lookup profiles from a given directory and merge it with a profile of the same name found in the classpath
add a bound property listener .
getter for offsetinbeginsection - gets character offset of the start of this passage within the section that contains this passage .
this method does nothing if the path pattern has already been added . a path pattern can only point to one target .
add this applet to a frame and initialize .
method to change the default count of one to the user - defined
find out how many arguments an entry is required to have .
accept given consumer and proper log context of any exception .
read temperature from the sensors .
create the sample rule file .
attempt to construct an absolute uri
validate the content object .
recover rows mapping by using it s address .
performs smart form population .
set the icon for the geometry type
compile a sequence as a set of records .
jump white spaces .
puts a key - value mapping into this map .
special case for empty - string input . returning null in non -
format the given ndarray as a string
extract extra parameters from the map of parameters .
update a set of buckets with new values . if collisions occur resets the memcache value to null .
sort a list of rectangles by their sizes in ascending order
create a subset of the structure consisting only of the given member variables
always add the header size because on this type is always needed
validate ominture report description .
gets the longest common parent directory path of two paths .
determines the http method to use for the next request . it may include an el expression to evaluate .
explicitly deletes the underlying native storage used by the object this object references . the underlying native object is now no long valid and attempts to use it could cause unspecified behavior .
formats results and sets formattedstrings .
determine if the data should be sent
gets the poi cell from sheet .
extracts props to target map . this is all - in - one method that does many things at once .
add a group to the file . must be in define mode . if pass in null as the parent then the root group is returned and the name is ignored . this is how you get the root group . note this is different from other uses of parent group .
retrieves items for the provided jobview .
add a nested dataset specified by an explicit netcdf element . enhance is handled by the reader so its always false here .
try to click gps popup window
subtract two complex numbers in - place
get the source value to use for a notification entry .
executes a query and returns the results wrapped in an observable
add source code to the compiler
creates a new string pattern type with the specified name if it does not already exist .
adds the screenshot from the given path with the given title to the current step
sets the value of the agentid property .
dump out the missing data as a summary
setter for query - sets the query in the native syntax of the corresponding search engine .
creates the playlist - request
creates and configures ant project for java task .
maps a top level class loader to all cl s in the deployment
returns block by its signature .
finds the position of the next element starting from the given position that would not be found by linear probing if the element at the given position are deleted . this should be the element whose index is smaller than this position .
visits an annotation on a type in the method signature .
new execution logic
sets the presence
converts a string describing the location of a resource into a url object .
calculates the set of free variables in a term .
stops the aggregators instance .
sets the value of the co2rating property .
return true if we have a foreign name
avoid overflow .
sets the from address by providing personal name and address .
associates the specified value with the specified key in this cache . the value is only inserted if it is not null and it is considered current . if the cache previously contained a mapping for the key the old value is replaced only if the new value is newer than the old one .
set the redirect config .
is this a positiveup verticalcoordinate .
locate a variable in this group
get the icon for the geometry type
invoking a readaction toggles it .
creates a new flow step .
generate the datauri as string associated to the passed inputstream with encoding & type based on provided filename .
add a list of files . this is used for implementing include - prelude and include - coda of jsp - config element in web . xml
test that the passed picture is valid and conforms to the converters specifications .
puts an array of bytes into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
gets a resource as a stream relative to the meanings of this context s implementation .
process all annotations of provided properties .
sends the complete http response in one call .
the main entry for generator .
returns the topic given the record .
launch the clustered service container and await a shutdown signal .
limits the number of threads used by the graphicsmagick process during execution . note that no validation is made so ensure that the value is a non - positive integer presumably less than the maximum cpu cores on the host .
removes a previously - added footer view .
setter for offsetinbeginsection - sets character offset of the start of this passage within the section that contains this passage .
writes the content of this editor to the given stream . possible formats are for example swt . image_bmp image_gif image_jpeg image_png .
adds an action as a consumer to the rule .
produces a flow of escaped bytestring from a series of string elements . calls out to comet . flow internally .
returns a supplier that creates sequentially named files in the given directory .
moves an entry rule order one up from the current location .
returns the next available packet from the queue for writing .
gets the value of the property property .
returns the value . value will be computed on first call .
extract phrases from korean input text
set the global clipboard contents .
get the icons for the feature row
get variables from the specified vocabulary
log a message for a canonical event at the warn level . default values are used for all other parameters .
sets the value of the pacht property .
extract meta - data from the annotationdata we collected thus far .
find matching beaufort level for a given point forecast .
returns the web endpoint method parameter from cookie in the http request .
write a netcdfdataset as an ncml - g document to the specified stream .
create a new element and add it as the first child
read the incoming stream until it ends .
check error message from object in context .
cleans up the class pool cache
stop the background thread that is periodically checking for changes to compile time included files in a jsp .
returns stack trace chain filtered by class names .
fires listeners when the connection will retry a reconnection . expressed in seconds .
adds a new entry to the set and returns the key for it .
merge short value from two byte buffer . first byte of short will be extracted from first byte buffer and second from second one .
has the members of the cluster the voted reached the provided position in their log .
add a listener .
convert int base to index based
minimize memory use by interning . wacko shit in gribpartitionbuilder timecoordinate whoduhthunk?
query using the query from a previous query result
parses a single sentence in first order logic . a sentence consists of a term followed by a full stop .
get font decoration .
stops and records results of timer which counts how much time was spent on full checkpoint operation .
gets the value of the energiepass property .
validates mapping between protobuffer fields and parquet fields .
perform the conversion from markdown to html .
sets the last - modified time of the servlet class file associated with this jspservletwrapper .
returns the shape of this variable
process pending bytes remaining from preset dictionary initialization or encoder flush operation .
creates new muffinmanager .
merge the servlet inputs into a single object for easier transport as well as adding value .
fixempties - get rid of empty arcs
get a geopackage id from the name
simply runs a sql command used for udpates inserts which the result doesn t matter .
this method forces all currently enqueued ops to be executed immediately
writes out the instruction plus arguments in the byte code format to the specified location within a code buffer .
get an entry from the livemap if not found search the lingerersmap .
configure events stream instance from configuration object .
detach the sbb entity
test whether the argument is a java keyword
gets the value of the objekt property .
deletes an step view rule .
create calendardate from a java . util . date . uses standard calendar .
true if the node has child elements
add this vertex id as a place holder
fires roster changed event to roster listeners indicating that the specified collections of contacts have been added updated or deleted from the roster .
checking the file
map the given list of string attributes one - to - one to spring security grantedauthorities .
gets the value of the telsonstige property .
make an appropriate gson parser to processing channeldata instances
tests if an option is already added to the parser .
set the default style of the feature
writes this request s body to the given output stream . this method may be called more than once during the lifetime of this request .
check if annotated result permissions contains all values from annotated array . then it also check if all permissions in annotated method value array are granted .
handles the submission of the contact form creating a new instance if the username and email are valid .
set which row is selected .
verifies if there at least one timer attached
sets the value of the overseasrental property .
encode this picture into h . 264 frame . frame type will be selected by encoder .
compute e^x to a given scale by the taylor series .
set the map area by converting latlonrect to a projectionrect .
returns all property descriptors . properties are sorted by name .
stop playback .
helper method to extract default values from a schema . this is normally done in datageneratorformat validation however we have to do it at runtime for schema registry .
extracts a short from an array of bytes .
returns true if the algorithm is supported by the current version of java
assert that the generated command matches the specified command .
gets the value of the vermarktungsart property .
returns a string with all header information as an html table .
replaces all occurrences of a characters in a string .
create the injection source
the goal here is to process the serialized databuffer and locate top - level variable positions in the serialized databuffer . access to non - top - level variables is accomplished on the fly .
refresh data .
calculates the set of free and non - anonymous variables in a term . this is the set of variables that a user query usually wants to be made aware of .
get geopackage metadata or create it if it does not exist
recalc whole workbook .
gets servlet mappings meta data from jboss web meta data . if not found it creates new servlet mappings meta data and associates them with jboss web meta data .
generate a cache bound to the request
closes the web socket user session .
handles links embedded in json response bodies .
configures servlet context .
optimizes all rows for optimal presentation
find first variable with given attribute name
adds a constant_utf8_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
sets the value of the objekte property .
parses the widget attributes .
creates cartesian product of two lists .
this method returns the starting gate in meters
helper method to check if url matches a cookie domain .
returns uploaded file .
gets the value of the serviceleistungen property .
skips over and discards n bytes of data from this input stream .
this check if a file was trimmed or trunked in the current atomic operation .
write binay data to a file
create the list implementation
return the record to use for the operation .
registers a parsed schema with the schema registry under the specified subject .
returns current thread s context class loader
determine which metadata should be transfered to an outlink . adds additional metadata like the url path .
because of how the backtext works we need to get the last line so that we can pass it to the dslutility
index the feature row for the index types . this method assumes that indexing has been completed and maintained as the last indexed time is updated .
get the result of an object path expression as a byte .
indicates if this factor is the reciprocal of another factor .
multiplies this value by the given one and returns the result in reduced form .
creates temporary directory .
common get logic used to get by key or get by value
copies the authentication details from a source authentication object to a destination one provided the latter does not already have one set .
scan a range of inetaddresses starting with the given address
canonicalize case .
returns a reference to the named variable .
converts a polygon into a quadrilateral
provides a way to collect the results of the transformation .
returns the absolute path to the directory on the android filesystem where databases are stored for the current application .
cuts the string from beginning to the first index of provided substring .
gets the value of the fehler property .
creates a new message without a cause .
static factory methods for creating httpmethod instances
returns object by its id .
pop the stack irrevocably
gets the path to the external storage directory only if mounted .
this method destroys all workspaces allocated in current thread
remove an attribute by name .
return the set of resource paths for the directory at the specified context path .
method will print n number of tabs
matches are linked
try to acquire the token using a access token provider .
put out a number prefaced only by a type .
identify coordinate axes set varprocess . iscoordinateaxis = true . default is to look for those referenced by _coordinateaxes attribute . note coordinate variables are already identified .
create a paypalpaymentresource from a jsonstring . checks for keys associated with single payment and billing agreement flows .
usage methods . here we can be static for sure . rest must be tested .
returns the list of node names that didn t provide a response .
writes the data to the given outputstream .
this is a convenience method for building simple json strings . it passes an ajsonserhelper to a callback and builds a string based on what the callback does with it .
writes an array of contentcategory if not empty .
removes an environment property from the environment of this context . see class description for more details on environment properties .
resets the parser using the latest connection s reader . reseting the parser is necessary when the plain connection has been secured or when a new opening stream element is going to be sent by the server .
adds the ability to change the playback
parses command line arguments and fills set options .
makes a new buffer available either by allocating a new one or re - cycling an existing one .
returns a blockingmode for the input object converted to a string .
add dimensions to the netcdf file
get the line paint for the feature style or return the default paint
obtain obinaryserializer realization for the otype
get the conversion factor to convert inputunit to outputunit .
flush the output stream and set the image bytes close the stream
transaction sync is not affected by the current invocation as multiple ejb methods may be invoked from aftercompletion
returns all fields of this collection . returns empty array if no fields exist . initialized lazy .
returns the absolute value of the component with the largest absolute value
get the result of an object path expression as a map .
sets the date and cache headers for the http response
returns the expression currently active in the building context .
set first cell also set static relative address firstcelladdress .
get tab style .
use the given name and check for different database types to have a unified identifier for the dialect
sets the value of the anbieter property .
drops an index by name .
decides if the operating system matches .
all elements are processed finish construction
set the multi - part config
remove the key from the binary map
adds a constant_dynamic_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . also adds the related bootstrap method to the bootstrapmethods of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
read the size + flags header from the input stream and use it to initialize the chunk state
gets ejb security meta data if associated with ejb endpoint .
reset the object back to its last saved state .
gets the subset string to be used in netcdffile . read given a variable and some indicies . useful for subsetting timeseries
removed a property .
properly extract the byte contents of a bytebuffer
dumpnfa - dump an nfa in human - readable form
initializes parser .
send an http delete request to the kie console .
register property change listeners .
sets values to choose from
loads the spring version or null if it cannot be found .
converts the specified value to a primitive integer value .
return true if at least one stage is configured with stop_pipeline for onrecorderror policy .
convert a uri string to an instance of java . net . uri . the critical thing is that this procedure can handle backslash escaped uris as well as %xx escaped uris .
initializes list of child elements .
perform processing of the uri .
returns all saved filenames .
smart delete of destination file or directory .
stores context path in server context and request scope .
applies a 2d special euclidean transform to an array of points .
sets a 4 bit value into the list
create a new packet
compares actualdoccount and total doccount of its immediate children of an index to determine if the metric index is a complete metric name or not .
replace the bounding box coordinates in the url
find the spanning tree using a dfs starting from v .
performs terms aggregation by metric_name which returns doc_count by metric_name index that matches the given regex .
calculate the map that maps idl operation names to operation analyses . besides mapped operations this map also contains the attribute accessor and mutator operations .
retrieves the providers from the given loader using the service loader mechanism .
common part of postamble shared by both servlets and tag files .
converts property name to column name .
creates instance map and stores it in the request .
converts a field by field time of day into millisecond ticks .
confirm the method can handle the default value without throwing and exception .
signals that the container is in stopping state
read the bytes in the given input stream .
encodes an array of bytes as string representation of hexadecimal .
returns a resource using parent - first or parent - last strategy .
retrieves a file relative to the application root path . this method returns an optional using empty if the file was not found .
converts string charset . if charset names are the same the same string is returned .
get the current position to which the image has advanced on reading this message .
generic for all calls
checks equality for a specified range of bytes in two arrays
method that is invoked by the sourcepicturelistener interface . usually this will be called by the sourcepicture telling the scalablepicture that it has completed loading . the scalablepicture should then change it s own status and tell the scalablelisteners what s up .
remove duplicate strings from the given array . also sorts the array as it uses a treeset .
convert the given source of bytestrings to a chunked entity .
appends string to the buffer .
if we are currently writing a bit - packed - run update the bit - packed - header and consider this run to be over
runs the locator and collects all locations using the filters if set . the method can be called multiple times and will only result in a new map if any of the filters have been changed . if no filter has been changed the current map will be returned .
if the given result is different to cublasstatus . cublas_status_success and exceptions have been enabled this method will throw a cudaexception with an error message that corresponds to the given result code . otherwise the given result is simply returned .
read the contents from the inputstream and place into a string with any error messages put in the return string .
index the feature row
get the cached table icons querying and caching if needed
provided so that subclasses may configure what is put into the authentication request s details property .
gather information about variable counts and positions of occurrence of constants and variable within a clause .
sets up instance variables that haven t been set by setfeature
sets headers in msgtoset with headers from emailwithdata .
gets the names of all capture groups
this will wrap the view which is added to the slider into another layout so we can then overlap the small and large view
returns the entry associated with the specified key in the hashmap . returns null if the hashmap contains no mapping for this key .
angular distance between two half circle angles .
logic to execute before invoking a cmp setter method on the mbean
add one or more viewing hints for this resource .
delete geometry metadata by database
get the tile count of tiles to be generated
creates an entry set iterator . subclasses can override this to return iterators with different properties .
get the set of shapes to draw convert projections if need be
adds outgoing arguments to the graph . also checks for input arguments and updates the graph adding an appropriate edge when the full graph is declared .
logic to execute after invoking a cmp getter method on the mbean
get fields from object or map . allows maps to act like they have fields .
returns a flattened list of throwables from tree - like compositeexception chain .
get a icon dao
reset all static configurations to their default values .
shut down each member in a given redundancyzone
returns the date that the dataset was last modified . will be null if the dataset is a collection or non - existent .
computes the display string for any value for a specific type .
a directed graph defines a partial order through reachability and this method sorts the graph s nodes based on that partial order .
update an existing flow step exit rule .
calculates the number of columns needed to host all field editors .
get the parent class loader .
defines filter for message id .
converts java . util . logging levels to log4j logging levels .
ensures that a range given by an offset and a length fits an array of given length .
returns an array of time stamp values the first of which has the specified index . each returned time stamp is the number of millis since midnight jan 1 1970 utc .
returns a consumer that closes its input .
puts a short into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
retrieve servletpath from a given location .
decides if a url is absolute based on whether it contains a valid scheme name as defined in rfc 1738 .
build a sip archive from all files in a given directory tree .
updates the maximum column width for a column of the data table .
check if the sun is shining for a given time .
this method assumes the other traverser has the same match fields specified in the same order .
method for obtaining the external dependencies for this du if any .
attempt to create a converter using the information found in compositeconvertermap .
makes the given visitor visit this label and its source line numbers if applicable .
skip until the given end tag is matched in the stream . when returned the context is positioned past the end of the tag .
setter for variants - sets list of alternative answer summaries .
query for all feature index count
add any missing configs to the stage configuration .
insert a style mapping row
this method encrypts an array of bytes .
adds an in - line document attachment .
not necessary .
returns first index of a whitespace character starting from specified index offset .
initiates the slee container
get the feature row for the geometry index
utility used to verify that requesturi matches provided path
this has to convert values to field type .
return a name that consists of a subsection of the current name .
find first nested structure
return griddatatype objects grouped by gridcoordsys . all griddatatype in a gridset have the same gridcoordsystem .
remove all occurrences of the character c at the end of s .
create an annotation data list .
writes the x - frame - options header value overwritting any previous value .
internal only . sets the version .
paginate from a full data set
rendering errors information in json format .
replace the url parts with the bounding box
returns existing thread session or new one if already not exist . if session doesn t exist it will be created using default connection provider .
return one or more strings regardless of whether they are represented as a single string or a list in the config or an empty list if no value could be found for that key .
return a named port - component from the jboss - webservices . xml
find a key with the given name
defines filter for received date .
determines action input parameters for required url variables .
finds closest root package for the given action path .
contrary to its name this doesn t necessarily reload the app . it is invoked on every request and will only trigger a reload of the app if something has changed .
check if string is a valid int32 .
declares a namespace .
creates a new resource .
attempts to import a database table from a csv file in the default location .
invokes an action asynchronously by submitting it to the thread pool .
set the property value for the given property id .
after a timeout failed the timer need to retried . the method must lock the timer for state check and update but not during calltimeout run .
generates a clause which invokes a function that returns a basetype .
return an integer in range 1 .. max inclusive .
writes region to output but extracts all inner regions .
send text data to the other end .
removes temporary authentication - related data which may have been stored in the session during the authentication process .
checks to see if the given variable name is used as an alias and if so returns the variable name for which it is used as an alias .
generate a hash code for a byte array .
formats a header row after maximums have been established .
- > hack to undo this
get the category name to use for ssp notifications .
add a global attribute of type string to the file . must be in define mode .
updates an existing row of an event with the secondary details of the event . this includes mdc properties and any exception information .
check that a plaintext password matches a previously hashed one .
disable control hub on this data collector - with explicit login .
if the config consists of a single key config its values are used instead
associate a context with the current request cycle .
closes all result sets created by this query . query remains active .
check that two arrays are conformable .
does not write class tag and length
clean up all resources that the client uses to communicate with the media driver .
computes the mean and covariance matrix from the set of points . this describes a normal distribution
unpack a four - byte ieee float from the given byte array .
intercept given records with all the interceptors .
find which index holds the value want
transform the giveen qualified name into a qname
loads property descriptor if property was updated .
define the definitive url constraint expression escape function .
recursive ast walker ; compilation of filters is done elsewhere .
called to write the message body .
checks if this rectangle entirely contains another rectangle .
check if the given key exists in the index .
this method will be called when an operation invoked on a jdbc object throws an sqlexception . it will accumulate a list of all non - transient sql exceptions .
defines source detects a map .
create the selector result string and append .
append a unique identifier to the url .
attempts to retrieve pid from internal jvm classes . this method is not guaranteed to work as jvm is free to change their implementation at will . hence the return value should be only used for troubleshooting or debug and not for main functionality .
given a cursor get a list of containing cursors with the following constraints . 1 . the first element in the path is a top - level variable . 2 . the remaining elements are the enclosing compound variables 3 . the last element is the incoming cursor .
get the parent group .
this method pairs specified thread & device
clear workbook .
this ensures that the capacity is at least mincapacity .
sets the value of the monatsmiete property .
cleans unnecessary whitespaces .
generates join query for the given joincriteria
convert the bytes to a human readable format upto 2 decimal places the maximum unit is tb so anything exceeding 1024 tb will be shown with tb unit .
jump to the appropriate tab based on datatype of invdataset
tries to create or activate a worker if too few are active .
save objs .
write any extensions that may exist in a message .
add a new catalogreader to the catalog .
create an array mapping the ordinals to pointers so that they can be easily looked up when writing to blob streams .
get the components of the name at the specified numeric index
validate cell .
checks the filter list for possible errors and logs them
we assume any environment that is not headless will have a web browser to display the image in a web page .
special version of remove for entryset .
checks that this entry is valid for the current thread
writes object to codedoutputstream .
returns true if the given serviceport matches the intorstring value
parse the available compression methods reported from the server .
validate the value of the double biased exponent value .
makes the next intentions stack active using a round robin scheme .
get the currently selected row .
calculate a position given an azimuth and distance from another point . uses default earth .
is the recording counter still active .
poll for control response events .
returns the index to which this map maps the specified key .
calculate the percentage to how many percent the slide is already visible
copy attributes between elements
acquires exclusive lock with the given lock name in the given atomic operation .
check the member with the memberendpoints
get the sender s estimate of the time since the response was generated . return the int value for the age key . return - 1 if the value is not set .
lookups for object reference and throws an exception if reference doesn t exist .
get external geopackage metadata by external path
a memory optimized algorithm for string . replaceall
returns a bindingenumeration object which has a list of name class pairs . lists the current context if the name is empty .
get current android page s dump file
get the azimuth in degrees
a static dialog fragment instance creator method .
creates a new hashtable that is twice the size of the old one then re - hashes everything from the old table into the new table .
transform an hexadecimal string to a byte array .
encodes a string for use in an xml attribute by escaping characters with a special meaning . in particular white spaces are encoded as character references such that they are not replaced by on parsing .
adds base property .
write a netcdf - 3 file from a subset of a grid dataset
adds the given value to this one and returns the result in reduced form .
finishes the stream without closing the underlying outputstream .
returns the named variable in the given row of the sequence .
removes session from a map and broadcasts event to registered listeners .
scans all the properties in the parent properties object and creates arrays for any array property definitions .
display info about vault itself in form of as7 configuration file .
if an equivilent shared dimension already exists use it else add d to shared dimensions . equivilent is same name and length .
copy methods to a class
get the cached table styles querying and caching if needed
create a new image
creates an unicastprocessor with the given internal buffer capacity hint .
creates a comma separated list of items .
returns an ejbendpoint based upon fully qualified classname .
call this when an operation is performed to add it to the undo stack .
test if point lies between two longitudes deal with wrapping .
returns generated columns .
converts value to a string .
is this an instance of an unknownunit?
the method will print the dsltree to system . out in text format .
convert some_stuff to somestuff
gets the value of the zinshausrenditeobjekt property .
gets the value of the bodenbelag property .
adds content to the zipfile in a file named logname
validate the database header and integrity . throw an error when not valid .
adds file type system property to ant java task .
allow users to add to the default rc
handles the jump - command
centralize this hack
execute a presentation file at a given url
returns a list of supported frame - rates this codec can encode video to .
take key and value pairs from source and create map from value to key in target .
visits an invokedynamic instruction .
called to retrieve per - instance state before being killed so that the state can be restored in the constructor .
set the index - th structuredata of this arraystructure .
computes the union of this rectangle with another one .
make a optionaly prefixed property name .
ends the request and unlock the write lock
getter for variants - gets list of alternative answer summaries .
sets the value of the handeltyp property .
parses the xsd file represented by the received inputstream .
create a name - not - found exception .
connect to an archive on its control interface providing the response stream details .
method to set for each nucleotide the sugar the base and the phosphat
consume the next comment token update the incomment flag and return the remaining content .
maps the content of the base map to its values .
creates an osymmetrickey from an osymmetrickeyconfig interface .
finds nodes in the tree that matches single selector .
opens a transaction .
returns the text content of this node and its descendants .
gets the type of a specified object .
gets the set of enabled protocols based on the configuration .
recover cell by using it s address .
loads rete model and initializes zoom manager .
returns the last matching file .
fetch a locationforecastlts from the met api based on longitude latitude and altitude .
creates process responsible for running tsc shell command by reading the file content from the sourcefilepath
called when the kubernetes master server reponse has been inspected .
specify the control name of this multi - part .
find latest install map jar from specified directory
examines the first bytes of the content for a clue of whether this document is a sitemap based on namespaces . works for xml and non - compressed documents only .
do the bisection iteration procedure .
get an entity value by name .
helps to fix path
read data subset from randomaccessfile create primitive array of size layout . gettotalnelems . reading is controlled by the layout object .
this is one of the main entry points for ops that are executed without respect to dimension .
add a single lint report to underlying collection .
returns a new rulebuilder for the default rule type .
invokes an internal function .
calculates the indexed class based on the class name
subset - set any subexpression relevant to a successful subre
tries to add the given subscriber to the subscribers array atomically or returns false if the subject has terminated .
iterates arrays .
recalculates real bag size .
painting antialiased vertex
euclidean distance squared between the two specified points
loops through the login . config . url . 1 login . config . url . 2 properties looking for the login configuration . if it is not set it will be set to the last available login . config . url . x property .
write the disposition header to the output stream .
tries to authenticate user via token . returns the token if user is authenticated . returned token may be rotated .
log formatted message to java logger since framework logger is not yet initialized .
nfanode - do one nfa for nfatree
returns the euclidean distance squared of the closest point on the quadrilateral to the provided point .
builds a head request .
attempt to copy an access token from the security context into the oauth2 context .
force recalculation of size of one element of this structure - equals the sum of sizes of its members . this is used only by low level classes like iosps .
returns all argument names .
iterates on all factories and append all index types .
determine if the given date is included in this date range . the date range includes the start and end dates .
set the line paint
returns the received response objects .
handler for opendap catalog . xml requests .
minimum function with a scalar
attempt to compare proposals of different types based on the tokenized display string
inverse of makeoffsetfromrefdate
get the relevant translator creating it if necessary .
method will return just the object metadata
sets the cell value string .
return true if the attribute is an html boolean from the above list .
produces the list of fields resulting from merging tomerge into the fields of this
fetch a list of all available textforecasts .
understands both the legacy format ag1zfnzvb2rvb2r5bmuwcgclegfcgaem and new format providing the key either way .
inverse operation of decodecookie .
starts visiting properties .
decrease the reference count for this instance and release resources if it reaches 0 .
set the icons for the feature row
we need to make sure the search controls has the return object flag set to true in order for the search to return dircontextadapter instances .
write the length header for a frame in a memory ordered fashion .
get a name for the data packing type
send a control message indicating the consumer has encountered an error .
extracts the years component of a time in millisecond ticks .
calculates frame number as it shows in quicktime player
converts pcm samples stored in buf and described with format to float array representation
gets the value of the freizeitimmobiliegewerblich property .
set the parent group of this structure and all member variables .
asserts if the current object has the name attribute when not being a direct child of the xsdschema element which is not allowed throwing an exception in that case .
joins buffers containing individual nal units into a single annexb delimited buffer . each nal unit will be separated with 00 00 00 01 markers . allocates a new byte buffer and writes data into it .
write a bucket pointer to specific location .
writes an ncml element to a string .
this subroutine converts the two integers stored in a grid file into three integers containing the date time and forecast time .
fdpoint remains open .
handles allowed http methods and other capabilities reported by the server .
transfer from one bytebuffer to another bytebuffer
override this method in order to provide different xml definition file name .
verifies if the object is not null and returns it or throws a nullpointerexception with the given message .
selects a plan instance from the set of plan bindings using the given policy .
reads http request body using the request reader . once body is read it cannot be read again!
is a media driver active in the current aeron directory?
perform a depth first serach using recursion .
add cookie to http response of the current request context . override cookie value if already exists .
get the dataset filename .
get the number of timesteps per file and the starting offset
if output stream is null just encode into a byte array
parses a string representing a json and return it as a jsonnode .
if there is an unlimited dimension make all variables that use it into a structure . a variable called record is added . you can then access these through the record structure .
write out a single record instance .
converts an array of strings into a delimeter seperated string .
compute post - reduction state .
obtains the value stored under the given index in this bucket .
destroy the service connection .
write out a prefix count
setup faces cell picture .
maintain the elements in the set . removes objects from the set that have been reclaimed due to gc .
prompts for user name and password for a given guvnor repository .
check if tag has given value in specified position and if so then set corresponding attribute - value pair in the given attribute - value structure .
factory method for constructing a derived unit .
adds set injection point .
stops and records results of timer which counts how much time was spent on logging of single write ahead log record .
method to add a single element to the group
ensures that the account name passes site - specific complexity requirements like minimum length .
get the materials darker contrast
starts the packet reader thread and returns once a connection to the server has been established . a connection will be attempted for a maximum of five seconds . an xmppexception will be thrown if the connection fails .
true if it has x and y coordinateaxis and a coordtransform projection
tries to resolve the entity using the thread specific catolog resolvers
validate the name of the channel
removes the specified index from the data structure . this only works if the index already exists .
report an xml comment anywhere in the document .
wait that the minimum duration between two getsharditeratorrequests has elapsed .
specifies all urls needed to get an access token based on given host name and common url naming convention .
authenticate user and start user session .
purges the specified reference .
unpack a four - byte integer from the given byte array .
always returns a 403 error code to the client .
read data from encoded values and run len into regular data array
clears all entries out of cache where the entries are older than the maximum defined age .
initialize instance fields from managed class configuration object .
called by cluster iterator .
force bucket step .
upgrade whole pipeline at once and return updated variant .
iterate through the gcqueue for for any cleared reference remove the associated value from the underlying set .
get data from the system clipboard .
converts a string to a date . the string must be a date in the correct format or this method will return null .
get the specific token .
make a time struct from the index .
creates the correct type of queue for this search . this search uses a priority queue ordered by path cost .
returns an iterator over the children of the given element with the given tag name .
activates current database instance on current thread .
parse an long within a range
appends the content of a specified buffer to the end of the currently represented stream .
run the filter on the group .
reserves a call point for a block of named callable code . the size of the block of code must be known fully in advance . if the named block already has a call point this will replace it with a new one .
change the comment .
request a new license based on the license request input .
waits that the stream has been created .
return the read - only status indicator for the given send channel uri .
does not modify packets
removes all mappings from this map
set data in the upload with a recorder .
calculate the set of dependency aliases for each alias in the pattern .
returns the content of file upload item .
adds plain message text .
entry point for error reporting . emits an error in a user - defined way . part of lexer interface .
remove a listener . will remove it from all target mappings . once this method returns the listener will no longer receive any events .
creates a ref from a registered pojo entity
finds matches for a given query .
constructs constraints string
sets a column attribute adding padding to the underlying array as necessary to ensure it is large enough to hold the attribute at the requested position .
a projection query . bypasses the session entirely .
generates the data to control the event
if the string starts and ends with start and end char remove them otherwise return the string as it was passed in .
specify natural parent of an element in this schema .
exclusion is an and
make a http post request using the base url and path provided . if the path is a full url it will be used instead of the previously provided url .
gets the pattern .
selects single node for single selector and appends it to the results .
get image name with a standard default
assign the lock manager at startup
set selected station based on the sttion id .
unexport this object .
returns the first filter chain matching the supplied url .
strict many to one
get the styles for feature id from the style mapping dao
set the network round trip delay .
close the session . this implies closing any open methods .
get the length of a match at the given distance .
strict one to one
register the default processor to process command with no specific processor registered .
creates a string of the given length consisting of the given character
retrieves all revs for this affordance .
read data from a top level variable of integer data type and return a memory resident array .
returns true if still in truncate mode false otherwise
the datastore has a weird behavior of reordering values in a list so that indexed ones come before nonindexed ones . this can really mess up ordered lists . so if we find a heterogeneous list we need to force index everything .
writes a generated artifact to a file .
processes an include
iterates through the binding s dependencies to clean up any stray bindings that were leftover from a failed jit binding . this is required because the bindings are eagerly & optimistically added to allow circular dependency support so dependencies may pass where they should have failed .
add a parameter to be sent with the request .
returns default value for given field or null if no default value should be used .
update an existing flow step view rule .
sets the value of the distanzzusport property .
return the list of applicable patterns for this
update an existing user field value .
initialize field positions and field paths .
returns an unmodifiable view of timers in the current transaction that are waiting for the transaction to finish
convert 2 bytes into an unsigned integer .
calculate if we want to rotate based on aspect ratio
from a single file read in the index create if it doesnt exist ; return null on failure
retrieves a flow by unique name .
substitute sub - strings in side of a string .
setup the annotation index map
returns a string with all application scope variables .
this is what really does the magic . this is the comparator creator .
combines the token and cookie sentence
append a padding record log of a given length to make up the log to a position .
validate the value of the float biased exponent value .
performs either commit or rollback on all transaction resources .
set the current value for this muffin .
returns the equivalent of the given class file with the asm specific instructions replaced with standard ones . this is done with a classreader - &gt ; classwriter round trip .
generate strong password that takes into account the user s information and old password . implementations should verify that the new password does not include information such as the username fragments of the old password and other information that could be used to weaken the strength of the password .
convert an ndarray to a blob
starts an object skipping the { token and if necessary a field name before it .
writes a string array if not empty .
factory method for constructing a unitname from a name a plural form of the name and a symbol .
internal use only this has to be invoked only if the item is aggregate!!!
adds the padding bits and the message length to the input data .
indicates if the request is elgible to be processed as the proxy receptor .
generate a verbose exception message .
look could be used in createview ??
implements coverting a complete best to a monotonic best . the reftime is not allowed to decrease
populates a map of protobuf extensions and map with the default values for each message field from a map of file descriptors .
downgrade an openimmo document from version 1 . 2 . 1 to 1 . 2 . 0 .
verifies whether value of cookie satisfies specified matcher .
sets the value of the newdevelopmentavailability property .
gets the current thread database as a odatabasepojoabstract wrapping it where necessary .
sets the data table page .
create actual instance of delegator .
get the geopackage metadata of the database at the external path
getter for abbreviation - gets the abbreviation of the name label .
fetch a textforecast for a named forecast
sets the value of the mindauer property .
add a member .
set the mockmvc config
overrride for array of structures
return true if event passed as parameter has level error or higher returns false otherwise .
parses a cron expression .
add a component .
obtain the preferpublic setting from the properties .
writes the current null value
adds the specified component to the layout using the specified constraint object .
use recursion so that parent variables come first
export the content of a channel
extracts the token extract id the access token exists or returning an empty extract if there is no one on the context it may occasionally causes unauthorized response since the token extract is empty .
removes a client from the collection of those being tracked by the server .
pushes the specified argument of the current method onto the stack .
returns entity descriptor for provided table reference .
prepare context and attrs for cell .
return sorted catalogs
calculates the new capacity of the map . this implementation normalizes the capacity to a power of two .
sets the value of the parkhaus property .
checks if this rectangle contains a point .
determines if the character at the specified position of a string is escaped with a backslash
find the index at which a member id is present .
reads one record from in and writes it to out exceptions are not recoverable as record might be halfway written
close the file and release any associated system resources .
end pwc 6386258
invoking a favoriteaction toggles it .
returns field descriptor .
commit metadata content to a file to disk .
converts an array of bytes to a string of two digits hex - representations
clears pool and dealocates memory .
return operation based on the operation code . if the code has a number that kudu destination doesn t support it throws unsupportedoperationexception .
this method is synchronized to ensure that processor is injected before it is being used by other thread .
provides a positional depth first walk over a term .
computes the pbkdf2 hash of a password .
replaces the very last occurrence of a character in a string .
verifies that the stopmusicrequest is correct and checks whether the you are meant to react to it
truncate data in keyspace except specified tables
removes a document from the replicator database .
start sjsas 6327357
returns the service host and port for the given environment variable name .
obtains the translator appropriate for this type and annotations . may be a cached translator ; if not one will be discovered and cached .
perform a keys - only plus batch gets .
set the default headers to add to all requests made by this builder instance . these values will replace any previously set default headers .
fill the label buffer .
add an object to the collection .
defines include patterns .
safely compares provided char with char on given location .
download current workbook .
handles ol and ul start tags
see if the java . protocol . handler . pkgs system property has changed and if it has parse it to update the handlerpkgs array .
make an immutable copy without changin datasetbuilder
returns list of valid cookies sent from server . if no cookie found returns an empty array . invalid cookies are ignored .
publish to a kafka topic based on the connection information
updates the record cache after unsuccessful micro - transaction commit .
iterates through the patterns stored in the map and returns the list of attributes defined for the first match . if no match is found returns an empty list .
add a transaction waiting for a lock
set column to update . object is automatically translated onto matching jdbc type .
save the row before serialize .
creates ws client manually from configuration internally creating a new instance of asynchttpclient and managing its own thread pool .
setter for subject - sets the subject of the triple - always a uri .
handles the select track command
find first member variable in this struct with given attribute name and value
creates a map of postprocessors form a map of preprocessors . this method will be removed in 1 . 5 . 0 release when there will be no differences between pre & post processor interface .
return an iso - 2 country code from a country name .
builds a get request .
registers a stateful implementations a new instance will be created for each storage .
get member data of type char .
get the type of this filter .
copies all request parameters to attributes .
macro to get the content of a unique child element .
stops the intention selection threads .
ensures that radio controls are mutually exclusive within control groups .
this method updates state with given throwable
intended to be used at the startup of the metricsserviceimpl to ensure we have enough tables for processing
attempt to use the systemid as a url from which the schema can be read . this checks to see whether the systemid is a key to an entry in the class entity map .
initalizes the object .
ensure that the returned lock will never be null .
get the feature styles for the feature row
build the attributes map .
generate a steno log compatible representation .
insert the constant value into the argument any .
exec a given function
moves data from the end of the buffer to the beginning discarding old data and making space for new input .
checks if the given query run on the given belief returns a match .
gets the value of the parken property .
validate the payload to valid utf8
get the complete path in this chain typically for error messages or debugging
add different cluster id to the polymorphic cluster ids array .
adds the given element to this queue . if the queue is currently full the element at the head of the queue is evicted to make room and returns the evicted element .
get the package name of the specified class .
gets the value of the photo property .
selected consult or iterator overrides for efficiency
gets the value of the teilungsversteigerung property .
create the full x . y . z string
copies specified number of bytes from input stream to output stream using buffer .
creates an instance by reading the xml from a reader .
checks if the link must be fixed .
gets the value of the immobilie property .
create the service connection .
returns the namespace id for a particular namespace name
register custom serializer for command code .
returns optional attachment value from deployment unit or null if not bound .
wite the contents from the string to a stream
has v already been added to the set of extra variables?
count the number of records in a grib1 file .
deletes an step entry rule .
returns an image descriptor for the image file at the given plug - in relative path . uses the plug ins image registry to cache it .
create the set implementation
do the rendering to the given graphics2d object .
create a validator builder for com . helger . genericode . v10 . codelistdocument .
a convenience method that simplifies the process of rebinding a non - serializable object into a jndi context . this version binds the target object into the default intitialcontext using name path .
calcalates the log base 2 of an integer . this code is tuned to uniformly distributed input values longer numbers are favoured .
creates a new form definition with the fields inside the definition .
find child rows mapping from shift map .
get all input files .
returns the value to which this map maps the specified key . returns null if the map contains no mapping for this key .
we re just tracking statistics so we don t really need to worry about these stepping on each other ; if there s a hit or miss lost no big deal .
normally distributed homogenous 3d point . w is fixed
all cdmrfeaturedatasets must return their featuretype - use as a fail - fast test of the endpoint
sets the value given using the pre - compiled expression on the specified root object .
transform this call to an websocket url .
takes write ahead log data from last snapshot and aggregates them with data passed inside method as parameter . result of aggregation of performance data is returned inside of passed in performance data and as result of this method call .
compares gds for duplicates
retrieves the jmx objectname for a profile given its profile name and profile table name
creates a new edge persistent class .
indicates that the most earliest component in stack of components has completed it s operation so performance data for this component is stopped to be gathered .
the server is challenging the sasl mechanism for the stanza he just sent . send a response to the server s challenge .
merges a list of additional jax - rs deployment data with this lot of deployment data .
builds default field references .
only for shared dimensions .
implementation of string
visits a type .
return default channel layout for a given number of channels .
read the termoffset from a packed raw tail value .
obtain the relativecatalogs setting from the properties .
print array as undifferentiated sequence of values .
find item in collection .
creates an unicastsubject with the given internal buffer capacity hint .
build a schema with type record . this will be the top level schema and contains fields
de - serialize an object from byte array .
get the content of the given element .
needed for constructcopy
gets the value of the multimediaanhang property .
create an authscope from a uri ; remove any principal
sets the value of the buero property .
if no key is specified return all the values present in the mdc in the format k1 = v1 k2 = v2 ...
remove a vertex from the graph
create an builddochandler that serves the manual from a given directory by wrapping a filesystemrepository and the api docs from a given jar file by wrapping a jarrepository
replaces the y coordinates of the rectangle with the y coordinates of another one .
write the content disposition header to the specified output stream .
get the result of an object path expression as a boolean .
converts the free arguments into property declarations . after parsing the command line the free arguments are numbered from 1 such that the parsed properties contain values for the keys 1 2 ... this method converts any free arguments declared using the name = value syntax into properties with key name value value .
joins buffers containing individual nal units into a single annexb delimited buffer . each nal unit will be separated with 00 00 00 01 markers .
attempts tp determine whether both files are on different volumes . returns true if we could determine that the files are on different volumes . returns false otherwise or if an error occurred while doing the check .
executes all the script and returns last statement execution step so that it can be executed from outside
creates a token source on a string .
accepts node within current results .
returns either the loaded entity or the most recent version of the entity that has been persisted in this transaction .
pushes or pops the entitymanager stack depending on the value of the em argument . if em is null then the current entitymanager is popped . if em is non - null then em is pushed onto the stack and becomes the current entitymanager .
transition to services
get all connections of all poolkey .
print info log
do a rotate right . standard fare in the world of balanced trees
if transaction is present and active then rollback .
form colors default colors for now .
draw the feature on the canvas
returns a string with all cookie information as an html table .
invoke all the appenders of this logger .
set the userinfo for this uri . if a non - null value is passed in and the host value is null then an exception is thrown .
defines filter for message size .
marshals into an output stream the return value of the method .
see if this precondition contains a matching condition .
invoked when a client makes a request that was forbidden .
add a conditionfactor to a conditionterm .
add the publications for sending status messages to the other members of the cluster .
this does the hunting around the projec to find the . dsl file .
returns an empty alistmap instance with a given equalityforequals . calling this factory method instead of the constructor allows internal reuse of empty map instances since they are immutable .
controls whether the fired event should be dispatched to all the listeners . this method should execute quickly
method to get a specific polymer by its id
invokes method from list or map depending on what the object arg is .
sets the unsaved status .
retrieves the set of ra entity link names referenced by the service componen which do not exist
writes http response headers to the sdc record at the configured field path .
check if the requested protocol is part of this draft
rename a global attribute . must be in define mode .
apply resourcepostprocessors .
defines included property names .
static utility for compiling a constraint string
pushes an object on to the top of the stack .
callback hook for message events . this method will be invoked when a client sends a message .
look dataoutputstream uses big - endian
executes a backup of the database . during the backup the database will be frozen in read - only mode .
destroys the naming store .
generic integer - array to byte - array conversion
connects to a remote server .
get a newly created entitymanager for the specified persistence unit name .
set depth + = n
get member data of type int .
parses the given command line arguments .
close the connection if there was a server error by a runtimeexception
list all nameclasspair instances at a given location in the tree .
getter for id - gets the id of the concept type .
resolve the systemid as a classpath resource . if not found the systemid is simply used as a classpath resource name .
create and return a new snapshotentry holding current mapping if this node holds a valid value else null
perform a raw database query
builds a url to redirect the supplied request to https . used to redirect the current request to https before doing a forward to the login page .
returns the version number of the object . version starts from 0 assigned on creation .
get list of data descriptors as strings
sets the state of the next available flag and notifies any listeners of this change .
this method is called when the plug - in is stopped
checks token value . c
get the current element s index into the 1d backing array . vlen stops processing .
upgrade an openimmo document from version 1 . 2 . 3 to 1 . 2 . 4 .
checks if some parameter is in get parameters .
sets the previous polygon which makes up the multipolygon which this polygon is a part of . if prev is a cfpolygon automatically connect the other polygon to this polygon as well .
works only if change tracking is enabled
define the definitive url backslash unescape function .
end this builder .
applies rules on given flag . flag is only changed if at least one rule matched . otherwise the same value is returned . this way you can chain several rules and have the rule engine change the flag only when a rule is matched .
deletes a single row by id . returns the number of rows deleted or 0 if unsuccessful .
this method looks up the validator in the registry .
push handlepopbox . jar to android tmp folder
get location from the metadata record .
fully specify the transform using euler angles
add a packet to the underlying file
multiplies this derived unit by another .
copy file to output stream specify internal buffer size
scanplain - scan plain contents of [ . etc . certain bits of trickery in lex . c know that this code does not try to look past the final bracket of the [ . etc .
make a http post request to braintree using the base url path and authorization provided . if the path is a full url it will be used instead of the previously provided url .
execute the find references .
appends method name to existing path .
refresh data for row .
adds a binding for t . multiple calls to this are safe and will be collapsed as duplicate bindings .
gives the jdbc driver a hint as to the number of rows that should be fetched from the database when more rows are needed . the number of rows specified affects only result sets created using this statement . if the value specified is zero then the hint is ignored . the default value is zero .
deletes an step exit rule .
does not stop locators
the actual gc ;
convert a limited file glob into a simple regex .
this handler is called when image is unavailable
generate a final key from a input string
defines and group of filters .
get dpt from list .
bind to the streaming service .
returns an ordered list of master server . the first in the list is the first found in configuration . this is used to determine the cluster leader .
sets the value of the locality property .
create a new session for a dse cluster initializes it and sets the keyspace to the provided one .
reads some number of bytes from the input stream and stores them into the buffer array b . the bytes are also returned wrapped in a byte block so that they can be returnd over rmi .
determine if this permission implies the other permission .
returns a set of entrys for all entries in this group and optionally all of the entrys in the defaults map .
sends a opendap dap2 error to the client .
copy bytes from another bytedata to this array .
prints the given string .
checks whether the map contains the specified value .
this is internaly called by 1 . 1 tracers
read all the files in a directory and process them . files are sorted by filename .
creates binary search wrapper over an array with given comparator .
it is common to want to parse a dmr text to a dapdataset so provide this utility .
returns the optional trackinfo if the hashmap contains no malformed data
draw a tile bitmap from the x y and zoom level by querying all features . this could be very slow if there are a lot of features
close the connection and free resources
iterate through values in each mini block and calculate the bitwidths of max values .
compare the byte sequence contained in the supplied bytedatabuffer with the sequence contained in the map pointed to by the specified key byte by byte .
timezone is case sensitive
create the proxy that does retries . adds a strict error handler to the service .
add a cookie to be sent with the request .
fill buffer with fill value
gets the argument within the functor with the specified index .
encodes single uri component .
gets first child of this uber node having the given name attribute .
checks if is row allow add .
remove cookie from http response . if named cookie does not exist this method does nothing .
returns a list of all codecs supported for this object .
an alternative way to create a headers object from the constructor .
this method can be invoked to stop the current reader except if it is reading the desired file . it returns true is the desired file is being loaded . otherwise it returns false .
reads one full segment till the next marker . will allocate the necessary buffer to hold the full segment . internally uses a growing collection of smaller buffers since the segment size is intitially unkwnown .
writes the given lines to the given file if possible .
simply inserts object into the database .
checks if the system is idle i . e . all the agents pools are idle
inserts a collection of metrics to the metrics_preaggregated_full column family
reads property using property descriptor .
creates socks4 proxy .
encodes the given uri port with the given encoding .
decode all of the parts of the url including query and fragment
center an array
get java short array for a member of type short .
creates dom tree from provided content .
adds a ruby require to the ruby script to be run by this rubysassengine . it s safe to add the same require twice .
adds route to the last section .
puts a string into the json object with the specified key .
returns the next character from the input stream . handles unicode decoding .
determine if we should create a property for the method ( ie
rollbacks all attached resources . resource will be closed . and detached from this transaction . if exception occurs it will be rethrown at the end .
gets the value of the field property .
query a data record .
configures the application .
returns the selected folder as a result to the activity the fragment s attached to . the selected folder can also be null .
gets the value of the sonstige property .
tries to open a known file browsers to pick a directory .
resets json parser so it can be reused .
returns all uploaded files the given request parameter has .
get the line number associated with the given member .
get the full heirarchical name of the dataset which has all parent collection names .
retrieve the current thread id for use by the transaction code .
create a validator builder for com . helger . genericode . v10 . columnsetdocument .
freezes the database by locking it in exclusive mode .
count the rows within the geometry envelope
runs a filter through a sequence of objects .
exports the playlist to a hashmap
get an array of filenames to load .
getter for concepttype - gets the type of this concept .
write the term offset field for a frame .
responsible for logging server errors .
set the time a network publication will linger in nanoseconds after being drained . this time is so that tail loss can be recovered .
100 > = 80
skip until the given string is matched in the stream but ignoring chars initially escaped by a \\\\ . when returned the context is positioned past the end of the match .
list a recording descriptor for a given recording id .
create a list from an enumeration
checks to see if the selectedposition has changed .
process the operation of the merge . do not call the processing of fragments on the subscription .
after running the timer calculate the new state or expire the timer and persist it if changed . the method must lock the timer for state check and updates if overridden .
allocates a new byte array hopefully reusing an existing array from the cache .
converts the raw type from the database into the right java type . for most applications the raw type will be long for some applications it could be string .
returns the server information in form of document .
gets a map of each rule name with its associated status .
this important method makes sure that all paragraph effects are applied to whole paragraphs . while it s optimized for performance it s still an expensive operation so it shouldn t be called too often .
recursively register this subclass with all the superclass translators . this works because we cache translators uniquely in the factory .
gets the value of the statusvbm property .
use the builder to make the vertical transform function
adds destroy methods .
returns the integer id of the attribute .
ends the current basic block . this method must be used in the case where the current basic block does not have any successor .
returns the first child element for the given name
returns a list of supported audio channel layouts this codec can encode audio in .
parses an integer literal .
retrieve the fonts from the asset folder .
set the list of member variables .
gets the absolute path to the filename starting from the app s files directory if it is not already an absolute path
get an inputstream based on a publicid and a systemid
convert a long value into a character array of 0 and 1 that represents the value in base 2 .
performs the action when the browser button is pressed which is launch a web browser and browse to the server url .
called by the thread pool executor
create a json conf with given attributes . note that shared refs = true for jason might be not as stable as for binary encodings as fst relies on stream positions to identify objects within a given input so any inbetween formatting will break proper reference resolution .
request a driver to run its termination hook .
unlock the provided form container from the logged in user .
wait for the terminal signal .
tell the time
this creates the universal comparator object which is used by the sort work horse .
converts a numeric value from this unit to the underlying derived unit .
sets the value of the doppelhaus property .
parse arguments from an annotated class instance
create a query parameter with a string value .
prints the composite message and the embedded stack trace to the specified print stream .
process a dim redefinition
sets the next timeout of this timer
h2 wants an alter table command per column
adds a unit to the database .
loads the specified jpa persistence provider module
get a timer of the given string name and todos for the current thread . if no such timer exists yet then it will be newly created .
get the service name of a namingstore
processes a packet to see if it meets the criteria for this packet collector . if so the packet is added to the result queue .
hook for debugging profiling . empty impl you need to subclass to make use of this hook
set the data cache
appends all of the elements in the specified array to the end of this json array .
returns if we want components to be able to connect multiple times to the same jid . this is a custom openfire extension and will not work with any other xmpp server . other xmpp servers should ignore this extra setting .
returns an input stream that reads the body of a snapshot closing the snapshot when the stream is closed .
write out an atomic variable .
sends out a notification that there was an error with the connection and closes the connection . also prints the stack trace of the given exception
send a message to an agent .
extracts an int from an array of bytes .
add a condition created from the given uri and state token . this is a convenience method used primarily to create preconditions for lock tokens that must be provided in the resource context for methods that update the resource .
creates a text encryptor that uses standard password - based encryption . encrypted text is hex - encoded .
rename the geopackage name to the new name
copy input stream to file . close input stream when done .
requests the stopping of the ra object . if the operation succeeds the ra will transition to stopping state .
returns email store .
convert byte array to char array assuming utf - 8 encoding
called on reception of a nak to start retransmits handling .
calculates layouting for provided graph .
calculates the number of max connections per cassandra hosts
return true if the given string is an alphanumeric string and one of the valid strings in the constrained set .
this method works statefully using request and context variables from current match statement . this method will be deprecated in next releases
downloads resource as byte array .
serializes a record to a protobuf message using the specified descriptor .
sets a value of simple property .
populate the requested image to the specified view . called from the gui thread .
get the type for this file
filter auto - generated fields from the list passed as argument .
set the center point of the maparea
does not handle non - standard calendars
saves an attribute in the request .
fail safe getter creation when normal compilation fails .
remove a variable from the given group by name .
constructs the url for redirection to the cas server . default implementation relies on the cas client to do the bulk of the work .
sets the value of the reihenhaus property .
setter for uris - sets array of uris that identify this named entity . there may be more than one uri if this named entity is ambiguous .
reset the log position of all the members to the provided value .
setup row info .
crawl a catalog thats already been opened . when you get to a dataset containing leaf datasets do all only the first or a randomly chosen one .
emmits the binary byte code for the clause into a machine writing into the specified byte array . the state of this clause is changed to linked to indicate that it has been linked into a binary machine .
cache the icon bitmap for the icon row
returns requested classpathresource as inputstream object
gets the document representing the cluster configuration .
read the compressed data
getter for questiontype - gets the class of the question determined by either an automatic question classification process or human judgment .
check whether contain each command in the list .
swaps the two tiles at the specified coordinates . one of the tiles may be the empty tile and the empty tile position will be correctly updated . if neither of the tiles is empty then this is an illegal swap in which case the method returns true .
returns an instance of the si system of units .
sldeditorservicefactory constructor .
prepare worksheet for loading . this only load at backend without refresh gui .
initializes the simulatorproperties with additional properties .
look these are wrong
test whether this error is transient .
creates simple method wrapper without proxy .
get the wmo station id as a string
supported for backwards compatibility . we prefer that datasetboundaries . wkt or datasetboundaries . json are used .
get the parameter with id but dont look in default table .
package - visibility for testing
processes the http request that is directed to this servlet .
returns true if the binding annotation is in the wrong place .
since it s an easy way to group a type and an optional annotation type or instance .
detects quote character or return 0 .
collects all filters .
creates a new filtergraph .
calls the bind_new_context cos naming api to create a new subcontext .
unmarshals from an input stream an exception thrown by the method .
method to generate a full bytebuffer out of all the fragmented frame payload
utility method that returns the first child element value identified by its name .
manually count the rows within the bounding box in the provided projection
detects any boms and returns the corresponding charset
reads the meta data from the stream
parses 4 characters and returns unicode character .
compile a sequence array .
retrieve the coordinateaxis with the specified type .
returns the next matching file .
read data from a top level variable and send data to a writablebytechannel . experimental .
generates a tokenstring with a new expiration date and assigns it .
true if all axes are coordinateaxis1d and are regular
a normal non - hybrid query
adds all given option ignoring null elements .
process selectors and keep adding results .
maps the cropping rectangle from image space to screen space .
set the shape with a list of dimensions . the dimensions may be shared or not . dimensions are in order slowest varying first . send a null for a scalar . technically you can use dimensions from any group ; pragmatically you should only use dimensions contained in the variable s parent groups .
create the valuemembers array and return it .
detokenize the input list of words .
gets a parquetinputsplit corresponding to a split given by hive
convert a udunit period string into a calendarperiod
add a header to this multipart specification .
encodes a string as a base64 string .
kinda kludgey but trying not keep urls stable
converts a json string into a criteria .
remove the rows .
protected for tests
position file at bitoffset from startpos
encodes unsigned integer with given length
find the coordinate transform
return an initialised default data frame header .
find the index of the named dimension in this variable .
process method line .
remove an incoming or outgoing connection from this vertex .
set network stats tag . converts string tag to integer one .
removes the chars from string .
provides a transactional queue that delays all queue manipulation operations until the transaction is committed or erases them if it is rolled back .
returns pseudo - function name .
write a cf compliant netcdf - 3 file from any gridded dataset .
calls a constuctor with the specified arguments .
process interceptors . interceptors may modify the packet that is about to be sent . since the thread that requested to send the packet will invoke all interceptors it is important that interceptors perform their work as soon as possible so that the thread does not remain blocked for a long period .
handles submission of the add permission form .
manually query for rows within the bounding box in the provided projection
adds a source line number corresponding to this label .
configures logback with sax events of configuration xml
sbb usage params
returns a list of model directories to parse .
convert the integer to an unsigned number .
if set to auto will behave like not having set the property
normalize control hub url - primarily drop training slash .
add string parameter .
add a new mdcvaluepair
add one element to the array by linear interpolation and extrapolation at the ends .
joins items of a text array separating items by comma .
discard the output buffer .
populate component .
notification that the root window is closing . stop listening for received and transmitted packets .
setter for hitlist - sets hit list of search results sorted in descreasing order of relevance score .
only used by partitionbuilder not partitionbuilderfromindex
find the dependent axis that depend on independentaxis
return real chart picture when browser requesting the image .
add the value of an addend to the running sum .
get the tile grid of the zoom level
fetches the next element from this iterator .
returns a sample frequency instance for the given index . if the index is not between 0 and 11 inclusive sample_frequency_none is returned .
look up the user property having the given key
reads some number of bytes from the input stream and stores them into the buffer array b .
this is a convenience method that creates an aoption based on java conventions .
write ncml from given dataset
closes the specified channel after all queued write requests are flushed .
gets the value of the hauskategorie property .
returns the thread to the pool .
invoked when pool removes object
encodes the given uri scheme with the given encoding .
step 1 - read and extract a bufr message
if targetlocation does not exist it will be created .
loads an int from a string .
creates an unicastsubject with the given internal buffer capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .
utility for thread safety and reuse . do not close the resulting stream . however you should close the given outputstream out
returns whether the specified range in the given byte array represents valid utf - 8 encoded characters .
see if it is time to stop we have been interrupted . should we ignore it or break out of the loop .
evaluates the arithmetic comparison on its two numeric arguments .
converts a line from general to parametric
this method overrides the imagepullpolicy value by the value provided in xml config .
makes sure the fast - path emits in order .
unconfigures the ra object
delete any non - printable characters
extend this date range by the given one .
pretty prints a variable allocation slot for tracing purposes .
create a new instance of the jndiname by breaking the provided string format into a jndiname parts .
create a new key to be added to a column set
write the lookuptables . txt file which basically registers all of the new grib1 tables with the cdm
print a das constructed from this dds and it s basetype variables .
get a name for the grid packing type
validates that the collection of set parameters are valid together .
visits a field of the class .
get geopackage metadata by id
atomically rolls the datawindow of all aggregators associated with the aggregators instance .
for internal use . this method is intended for use by staticloggerbinder .
internal only . return the record type .
visits an annotation of this method .
adds actiondescriptors of the given affordancebuilder to this affordancebuilder .
obtain user information from the cookie
get the array of per - ray longitudes . if we do not have per - ray position information null is returned .
finds tx annotation .
count the bits used by the data in this dd and its children only accurate for not compressed and not variable length
creates new servlet meta data and associates them with servlets meta data .
add cookies to the request .
writes an ncml element to an output file .
encodes one symbol either 0 or 1
get current request uri .
invokes provider to get a bean .
create an arraystructure for a structure . allow nested structures . create the data arrays and an iterator .
compute the total length of a log file given the term length .
find automatic fill color .
get the filtergraph this filterlink belongs to .
removes all handlers and resets to default behavior .
logout given token .
set the mdc map for this event .
gets the value of the fehlerliste property .
collects the attributes of this method into the given set of attribute prototypes .
closes this output stream causing any buffered data to be flushed and any further output data to throw an ioexception .
returns a map which contains only those arguments that the superclass understands .
sets the value of the aktionart property .
get top level datasets contained directly in this catalog . do not dereference catrefs .
gets the object at the given index in the catalog .
set signature and server time .
set submit mode flag with javascript for holding in client side .
returns an injection point that can be used to clean up the constructor store .
forgets pending operations .
misc . methods
returns true if all features in featurestoinstall are open liberty features .
creates the or insert comment .
gets the cell by reference .
returns the int resulting from reversing 4 bytes at a specified offset in a byte array .
get the value for the given key in the android system properties returned as a boolean .
write the actual data to disk .
writes an int in a variable - length format . writes between one and five bytes . smaller values take fewer bytes . negative numbers are not supported .
encodes the rawpass using a messagedigest . if a salt is specified it will be merged with the password before encoding .
get the l2 norm of this vector .
split string by a list of delimiters
appends character sequence to buffer .
translates the partial order into the + 1 0 - 1 convention needed by comparators .
map ith element of one range wrt a target range
get the maximum radial distance in km .
parse json representation of avro schema to avro s schema java object
this api is being used by clusterkafkasource
replace the given dataset if it is a nesetd dataset .
retrieve the color for a character .
requests a color fade against the specified target under a group name .
puts the module modulepackages and modulemainclass attributes generated by this modulewriter in the given bytevector .
checks if this rid is from one of these clusters
read the table
getter for aspects - gets aspects of the gold standard passage .
visits a primitive value of the annotation .
this utility method adds a new onconsolestatuslistener to the context passed as parameter .
convert to under bar case
adds the data from the specified statistics to this builder
start the iteration .
evaluate from giving context .
remove a property listener .
marshals into an output stream an exception thrown by the method .
upgrade an openimmo document from version 1 . 2 . 6 to 1 . 2 . 7 .
generates a unique name suitable for using in the map methods for the url parameter .
checks if the term argument to an instruction was a singleton non - argument position variable . the variable must also be non - permanent to ensure that singleton variables in queries are created .
get the name of the type of the projection .
get the collate of this expression based on the fully evaluated field chain starting from the passed object .
log with debug level
converts a rectangle into a polygon
index the feature tables for the index types
calculates the current archtype
applies column naming strategy to given column name hint . returns full column name .
look for a class description in all available modules .
calculates the memory heap footprint and populated ordinals per type and total
tests if current expression involves an indexed function and that function can be used on this target
parse text in the format yyyy - mm - dd
uses the page settings .
returns true if the namespace is created
pop the identity previously associated and restore internal state to it s previous value .
find all occurrences of the match in original and substitute the subst string .
removes the given prefix from this context .
get the flag that indicates if copy or move should overwrite an existing destination . return the boolean value for the overwrite key .
set the data as a collection of structuredata .
creates default implementation of the type cache .
converts a set of constraints to human - readable values . does not guarantee the order of the returned constraints .
what is the cost from this vertext to the dest vertex .
get one connection randomly
strips everything from the first appearance of given char . character is not included in the returned string .
create standard name from list of axes . sort the axes first
this method is used by the iiop and iiopname url context factories .
sets an attribute and its value into an attributesimpl object . attempts to set a namespace declaration are ignored .
tries to find the coordinate variable of the specified type which has the specified dimension as its firsst dimension
decode the bytes in utf - 8 form into a string .
to check for solvability the empty tile is moved to its goal position and then the number of swaps needed to put the other tiles in position is counted . for an odd number of rows on a square puzzle there must be an even number of swaps for an even number of rows an odd number of swaps .
sort a list .
delete a global attribute . must be in define mode .
parse the local address of the channel .
from the sorts this is the first few items .
replace annotation instances with annotation types this is only appropriate for testing if a key is bound and not for injecting .
creates a new instance .
the client won t send any message so connect directly on channel open
write characters . append = false
gets the alignment from cell .
sets parsing error log level as a name .
get color list from dpt .
returns the current field name or empty string if none .
checks the content - type header to see if clients specify the right media type
return the transactional entity manager for the specified scoped persistence unit name
download the json file for the given product .
search for axis by type assign to tableconfig if found . search for lat lon time height .
find the datasetsourcestructure that matches this name .
workaround for java 6 not supporting throwing a final throwable from a catch block .
main method for outputplugin runs the data - conversion and output - renderer
initializes the dboom by connecting to the database . database will be detected and dboom will be configured to match it .
checks the expiration date of token . renews and puts at header of response .
initializes this data transform fetcher from the passed in datasets
check that term length is valid and alignment is valid .
this method duplicates array and stores it to all devices
evaluate the result of this variable
create a new coordinateaxis2d as a section of this coordinateaxis2d .
create cell style from source cell .
determine if this coordinatesystem can be made into a radialcoordsys .
is this a valid bufr file .
is this enhancement already done ?
configure defaults .
this method returns op class opname
get stack trace for a given thread .
get the message at the given key .
if the list changed we want the recreate the targettype representation
create a calendardateunit from a calendar a calendarperiod . field and a base date
checks if a rule was defined for the user .
evaluate user formula .
clean up strings to be used in netcdf object names
decorate the abstract class
visits an enumeration value of the annotation .
creates a new chat and returns it .
set the value as a string trimming trailing zeroes
maps each of the items into a publisher subscribes to them one after the other one at a time and emits their values in order while delaying any error from either this or any of the inner publishers till all of them terminate .
looking for an existing file in cache or no
record change but do not reinitialize orb
checks that the encryption input is a supported type otherwise sends the record to stageexception .
gets the value of the importmodus property .
returns a combined map of class and method level interceptors
sets the limit for the maximum number of rows that any resultset object can contain to the given number . if the limit is exceeded the excess rows are silently dropped . zero means there is no limit .
computes the display string for any value for a specific field .
get a gif file make it into an imageicon .
transform this call to an absolute url .
randomly generates a set of points on the plane centered at the plane s origin using a uniform distribution .
process each resource and replace it with a collection of resources if it contains wildcard .
data loading has been successful we are going to accept data . here we can implement some accumulation logic .
stop the watch .
update all the gbx indices in one directory and the ncx index for that directory
create interceptors for given stage .
moveins - move all in arcs of a state to another state you might think this could be done better by just updating the existing arcs and you would be right if it weren t for the desire for duplicate suppression which makes it easier to just make new ones to exploit the suppression built into newarc .
converts device independent points to actual pixels .
compute the area of the ith trapezoidal region .
gets the value of the landundforstwirtschaft property .
netcdfdataset can wrap a netcdffile . goal of this procedure is to get down to the lowest level netcdffile instance .
get the parameter for the given name
returns an observable that emits the events emitted by source observablesource in a sorted order based on a specified comparison function .
creates an object - based field path given a data set and the field path in symbolic form conforming to paths associated with a primary key .
lookup the transactionsynchronizationregistry and cache it .
some methods to expose info about what is goign on .
method to decode the provided bytebuffer
stops timer and records how much time was spent on flushing of data from write ahead log cache .
set the close code for this close frame
un capitalizes the first character of the word given . it will convert i to i
inside range .
cleared at application undeployment time to remove any persistence providers that were deployed with the application
provides an iterator over the child terms if there are any . only functors are compound and built across a list of child arguments .
set the text size .
execute the sync database .
initializes the data model and restores from existing state .
index merged region .
check if the given rect intersects an already drawn one . if not set the corresponding cell as marked store object return true meaning ok to draw .
determine if this tracelevel object represents a level that is higher than some other tracelevel object . for the purposes of the comparison off is considered a higher level than severe and finest is the lowest level .
adds a property changed listener to be notified of changes to the application state .
sets the value of the rentcollectionperiod property .
forwards http request to the specified path .
returns the short resulting from swapping 2 bytes at a specified offset in a byte array .
method is used to log operations which do not change lru list content but affect order of items inside of lru list . such changes may be delayed till buffer will be full .
trasfer data to a bytebuffer . note we cast char to byte discarding top byte if any . this is because cdm char is really a byte not a java char .
getter for variants - gets list of candidate answer variants that were merged into this final answer .
executes a non transacted start activity operation .
set the async config
fetch the content for the specified order item .
detects exception contains is or a applicationdeadlockexception .
closing of transaction scoped jmscontext is executed through synchronization listener . this method registers listener which takes care of closing jmscontext .
sets the body of sheet configuration .
stores method signature for target method .
starts the progress .
set the bitmap compress config
if needed convert old jsfversionmarker values to slot values .
use either the active transaction or the current thread as the lock owner
adding custom query equal value .
returns the minimum of the given values .
reload the data from context to websheet row .
this gets a specified element .
unlock the provided form container from the logged in user . item will not be removed from users personal inventory .
extracts the raw byte code from the machine for a given call table entry .
loops body .
special method for
encodes the given uri path with the given encoding .
we think its got to be in one of the 9 boxes around rectindex
pops the current sfsb invocation off the invocation call stack
returns rest operations object suitable for use with the specified credentials
retrieves records corresponding to the request .
get the client interceptors for a method . these interceptors are run sequentially on the client side of an invocation . the interceptor factories are used every time a new client proxy instance is constructed called with a new factory context each time . the factory may return the same interceptor instance or a new interceptor instance as appropriate .
set this method request uri path that is the path component by which this method is referred into request uri . if given request uri path is null uses method name converted to dashed case .
sets the save attrs for row .
convenience method mainly for testing .
key interface method coming in from structuredataa .
creates a new startevent
check for equality of non - null reference x and possibly - null y .
calls the unbind api of cos naming and uses the exception mapper class to map the exceptions
updates a table field .
retrieves the jain slee specs event type descriptor
get the result of an object path expression as a short .
add a service to this dataset .
returns system class loader .
reads an individual edge from json . the edge must match the accepted graphson format .
walk the specified dir tree to locate file specified by relative path . use breadth first search .
converts an entity to an object of the appropriate type for this metadata structure . does not check that the entity is appropriate ; that should be done when choosing which entitymetadata to call .
requests an operation that alters the transactional resource . this may be blocked until an appropriate lock can be acquired delayed until commit time or actioned upon a copy of the data structure private to a transaction branch .
copy an serializable object deeply .
print contents of a structuredata .
determine if a name is empty or if ot contains only one component which is the empty string .
compares two heuristic search nodes by their f values .
call this when a load process completes . executes anything in the batch and then executes any delayed operations .
utility for thread safety and reuse . do not close the resulting stream . however you should close the given inputstream in
removes the element from the graph . in case the element is a vertex all the incoming and outgoing edges are automatically removed too .
sets subject in msgtoset from subject in emailwithdata .
the following three methods are used to keep track of bitmapfaction . options used for decoding and cancelling .
get rid of a state releasing all its arcs . i m not sure that all this is needed as opposed to depending on the gc .
method will use the bufferedreader to read the contents of the file . it calls other methods to parse the line and build the tree .
compare and set the raw value of the tail for the given partition .
optst - optimize a subre subtree
efficiently adds items to the end of this persistentvector .
send a form item to be part of a workflow .
converts iterator to a stream .
this method returns actual device pointer valid for current object
for backward compatibility with the previous string based mode this is needed for microcontainer as it gets confused with overloaded setters .
adapt a rank 2 array into a java . awt . image . bufferedimage . if passed a rank 3 array take first 2d slice .
replace all occurrences of a substring within a string with another string .
delete user mappings by both base id and related id
returns a string with all session scope variables .
classic submit or reset button .
set colorscale limits missing data
read packed data
remove the property .
write a portion of this data to an outputstream .
extend an existing non - active recorded stream for a the same channel and stream id .
compare the time .
strips content type information from requests data header .
prepares the json payload that carries on the token value .
provides a depth first walk over a term visiting only when a goal predicate matches .
runs the stemmer with the given options .
load properties from a propertyreader .
set the current value of the named field
converts the string name into a compositename returns the object resolved by the cos naming api resolve . returns the current context if the name is empty . returns either an org . omg . corba . object or javax . naming . context object .
sets the login enabled time
i don t see the need for any of this custom stepover stuff why is it here?
builds a delete request .
add all internal databases to the collection
this method assigns specific value to either specific row or whole array . array is identified by key
execute a accept operation
returns system property . if key is not available returns the default value .
allocate num copies of the incompletekey
gets the current sfsb invocation off the invocation call stack
create groups to ensure path is defined
are we in an extension namespace?
updates the current page or index offset of a paged list in the session scope .
make it easier to automatically use defaults for next major version
method for checking if the du has all the dependencies needed to be deployed .
get user processor for class name .
gets the value of the wunsch property .
requests couchdb deletes a database .
turn a single bytes into two hex character representation .
the default tostring implementation of an object
get the paint for the style row and draw type
adds some instructions to the parent predicate and also adds this as a clause on the parent if it has not already been added .
callback to notify the entity and possibly the ra object informing activity handled ended .
add event processor .
generates a subjectaccessreview object used to request if a user has a certain permission or not .
factory method for new states .
update the ndarray for the given vertex id .
sets the value of the contactname property .
return value if this node contains a valid key - value pair else null .
return an integer for current json value parsing string values as required .
reset the dimension array . anonymous dimensions are left alone . shared dimensions are searched for recursively in the parent groups .
creates a new endedevent
retrieve managed instance from application factory and invoke given method on that instance .
get the value from the cache . it does not touch the lock so reads are fast . this does not touch the order list so it is fast .
set the max number of redirects to follow
returns the appropriate html footers .
insert empty object in context .
once set this configuration will be used instead of the one built by the factory .
when the selected item changed we want to set the index property too
put buffer which is not used any more back to the pool or frees direct memory if pool is full .
allow adding more than one urilocators .
this method returns if host side has actual copy of data
gets the poi cell with row col from tab .
use low level api to match the comments setting .
a simplified unification algorithm for unifying against a constant .
special decoding process for symbols with uniform distribution
notify the task it has started
ends the prefix mapping for the given prefix .
invocation handler implementation . every method invocation on managed class interface is routed to this point . here actual container services are implemented and method is invoked against wrapped instance .
continues the creation of the very first method in calling chain that simply delegates invocation to the first proxy method . this method mirrors the target method .
write out a single structure instance
transforms an iterator over sets of variable bindings resulting from a query to an iterator over a map from the string name of variables to their bindings for the same sequence of query solutions .
takes a list an an array or sorts
removes a captureappender from a logger .
make deep copy from a structuredata to a arraystructurebb whose data is contained in a bytebuffer .
retrieve all global errors - errors without a key .
updates the email flags on the server .
reminder for subclasses to set this
telephone number including mobile phones and landlines
returns this response s first href .
wraps courser only if it is not already wrapped .
find printstream to which the output must be written to .
this subroutine returns the number of days in the given month . the year must be a full four - digit year .
creates a socket with a timeout .
adds a new catalog entry type .
binds the specified aci name with the specified activity context handle
generates a simple result with json content and utf8 encoding .
check if the cluster leader has an active quorum of cluster followers .
prints a list of pre - registered and found applications .
make sure that text is xml safe
gets the service ticket associated with the fluid session as hex .
returns the identifiers associated with the dimensionless derived unit .
used by abstractdsp to suppress certain attributes .
delete this resource from the repository optionally succeeding in the delete if the resource was not found on the server .
decorates page content with decorator template and outputs the result .
get the channel with the given index in channel_layout .
opens a resource of the specified name for reading .
set s this se3_f64 to be identical to the provided transform .
get mime type from file name extension if possible
gets the rewards balance associated with a braintree nonce . only for american express cards .
adds the specified shared dimension to this group but only if another dimension with the same name doesn t already exist .
prints the response to the print stream
convert shared formulas .
return given runner back to the pool .
cumulative frequency estimate for given wordform .
evaluates the arithmetic operator on its numeric argument .
security context interface
set the node name for persistence if the state is in_timeout or retry_timeout to show which node is current active for the timer .
print out the grids .
copyouts - copy all out arcs of a state to another state
getter for beginsection - gets the start section of this passage within the document that contains this passage .
allow calling from outside
read an integer at the given position bypassing all buffering .
return the referenced object potentially performing a remote datastore lookup and deserialisation . if the object is already present or has been previously acquired it is immediately returned .
shutdowns container . after container is down it can t be used anymore .
defines class input stream as a target .
triggers remove operation on this profile table .
create calendardate from msecs since epoch uses the given calendar .
take the given array and copy it to input . the array is copied
adds shutdown handlers in order which will be used during execution of shutdown .
checks that a string is a time in the format specified by timeformat .
compute the factorial of the non - negative integer .
get member data of type arrayobject
get the image bytes
ensure inputstream actually skips ahead the required number of bytes
create a new column to be added to a column set
possibly pulls some values from the stuffed collection
creates a variable . if the variable name begins with an underscore _ it will be anonymous otherwise it will be named .
raise a to the b power modulo m .
set extra information used by station obs datasets . use stnidvname or stnindexvname .
converts bytecode - like description to java class name that can be loaded with a classloader . uses less - known feature of class loaders for loading array classes .
t = literal | % c | % format_modifier c
generates the meta data for a table field .
converter for string - > optional and optional - > string
clean up timed out user registrations
does the object match this expression . an expression is a collection of criteria .
root productions .
gathers the task specific options for all tasks .
gets the ttl for a particular locator rolluptype and granularity .
there is usually a performance gain to be had by overriding this default implementation
parse an el expression
sets request path . query string is allowed . adds a slash if path doesn t start with one . query will be stripped out from the path . previous query is discarded .
sets the value of the apisuchfeld1 property .
gets the value of the wohnung property .
write string contents to a file using utf - 8 encoding .
moves to the next byte checks if there is enough input available and returns the amount of input available .
return true if this dependency and given set of versions is whitelisted .
must call this method on the event thread .
query for the feature index bounds
deserialize string offset to map of table to offset
update token file with the sdc access token .
method that does lookup and creates plos
returns a string representation of the provided row s field value . if usefrom is true this will use the from value from the pair otherwise this will use the to value .
split a string
triggers async refresh after the specified number of milliseconds has passed .
rigamorole to modify invariant catalogs ; we may need to add global services
getter for subject - gets the subject of the triple - always a uri .
convert this multislice to a string suitable for use in a constraint
get a reader to the dsl contents
parses a json object for link information .
length < 127 !!!!!
average pooling 3d operation .
stores one argument . index is 1 - based . no conversion occurs .
add a spanwatcher for the changeable implementation
fills the form with existing data .
fallback to reflection if the call - site will not work or did not work
make an authorization decision based on the url and http method attributes . true is returned if the user is allowed to access the given url as defined .
read data from inputstream . this method doesn t care about r0 and r1 . caller must load these bvs and set through setr0 and setr1 .
gets context parameters meta data from jboss web meta data . if not found it creates new context parameters meta data and associates them with jboss web meta data .
generate files under the specified directory
get or create a feature row cache for the table name
calculates the index within a binary chunk corresponding to the given absolute position within this blob
print a single structure or sequence or record instance
get the view interceptors for a method . these interceptors are run sequentially on the server side of an invocation . the interceptor factories are used every time a new view instance is constructed called with a new factory context each time . the factory may return the same interceptor instance or a new interceptor instance as appropriate .
remove all instances of specified type of documentation
consumes the data .
package - level access
deletes the form definition provided . id must be set on the form definition .
add a new partition to the given table with optional custom location .
safely get the information from our convention
retrieve the context classloader for the given thread
throws unsupportedoperationexception unless the time zone is utc
this method initiates shutdown sequence for this instance .
test if a string contains a parsable number .
method to generate a valid helm2 string for the fourth section
this allows the possibility of reading a catalog in another thread . the default implementation does not do that but a subclass may override and implement . if the catalog is read successfully it is passed on to the callback .
collect up the characters as element s characters may be split across multiple calls . isn t sax lovely ...
read a string
override the module loader with the given guiceable modules .
override the module loader with the given guice modules .
return first address on subnet containing given address
get property .
remove a shared dimension from a group by name .
all operations running at cache destruction stage
concatenates last search term with new one .
create a translator from scratch by going through the discovery process .
the context name can be set only if it is not already set or if the current name is the default context name namely default or if the current name and the old name are the same .
generate querystring for the request .
convert 8 bytes into a signed long .
add a group to the parent group .
setup upper level formula .
get the list of keys for entries that are not expired .
returns the attribute value of the specified operation
reference x match
when serialized we eagerly convert sources to strings . this hurts our formatting but it guarantees that the receiving end will be able to read the message .
fires a profile added or updated event if the profile object state is ready and the persistent state is dirty
reads the element values of a jvms annotation structure and makes the given visitor visit them . this method can also be used to read the values of the jvms array_value field of an annotation s element_value .
method to generate a valid helm2 string for the first section
returns the acute angle between the slope of two lines . lines do not need to ever intersect . found using the dot product .
defines font for text overlay .
get an entry argument .
returns the text of the line .
adds route to the other section .
gets the set of enabled cipher suites based on the configuration .
this is a helper method to check to see if the resource has a property with the given name that in turn has a child with a given name .
class i don t understand enough of the code base to anticipate implementation artifacts .
convert a level to an integer object .
this tell us sdc is check pointing
deserialize the byte array into an object .
allocate an indicator for tracking the status of a channel endpoint .
returns true if a overrides b . assumes signatures of a and b are the same and a s declaring class is a subclass of b s declaring class .
closest point from a 3d triangle to a point .
attempt to authenticate and authorize an username with the specified password evidence .
returns the least few .
prints error message if level is enabled .
remove all files with date < cutoff .
setter for score - sets the score associated with the answer .
matches char buffer given in uppercase with content at current location that will be converted to upper case to make case - insensitive matching .
generates the ending part of the static portion of the servlet .
concatenates all fields in order to the bytedatabuffer supplied . this concatenation is the verbatim serialized representation in the fastblob .
get a specific addressee
refills the input buffer .
computes the mean of the list of points up to element num .
getter for triple - gets the relevant triple searched in the rdf store .
remove generated files
convert a spanned text within a paragraph
retrieves the content of a sent file and saves it to a temporary file . the full path to the saved file is returned .
performs bulk documents create and update request .
save the current state of the preferences tree to disk using the original filename . the xmlstore must have been constructed from a writeable xml file .
sample program to test pattern matching .
adds incoming args to the graph
token must be validated before being passed to this method .
return prefix name part of an fqn ; result will be escaped .
get the selected station .
resolves a file system location to an eclipse workspace resource .
start writing the steno json wrapper .
starts an array skipping the [ token and if necessary a field name before it .
sets the value of the city property .
get whether this is an unsigned type .
invokes action method after starting all interceptors . after method invocation all interceptors will finish in opposite order .
get the feature table default icons
reads the given rule parameters file .
do not use directly . public by accident . recalc any enhancement info
comparison of entries this determines what we will order the cache by which determines which type of cache it is .
set debugging flags
expect that a response cookie matches the supplied name and value .
returns the container throwable error if this notification is an onerror signal null otherwise .
finds frame by timevalue
check that a string is a date in the format specified by dateformat .
sets as not dirty a pojo . this is useful when you change some other object and need to tell to the engine to treat this one as not dirty .
sets the value of the zeiteinheit property .
check if the datasource is able to provide connections .
returns the indexes for a parameter .
tokenize an escaped name using . as delimiter skipping \\\\ .
evaluate and obtain the row id if the expression is present or return null .
set this row vector from a matrix . only the first row is used .
starts defining region by setting the start index and reset region length to zero .
async - execute a batch statement .
convenience method to read len byte array . throws an excpetion if not enough data is present
returns the set of names bound to the ac
gets the entry mapped to the key specified .
set parameters and primary keys in query .
replace variables in the html file .
rename a variable attribute . must be in define mode .
not allowed to call this method .
add the values the corresponding values of the given timer
find out what kind of index this is
has the member achieved a unanimous view to be a suitable candidate in an election .
clamps the value to a number between 0 and the upperlimit
display name plus the dimensions
converts a line from general to polar .
sets the value of the zimmertyp property .
we need to create the io subsystem if it does not already exist
this method logs the delayed aggregated metrics for a particular tenant if tracking delayed metric is turned on for this blueflood service . aggregated metrics have one single timestamp for the group of metrics that are sent in one request .
create the eventlistener .
calculate the offset in units of timeunit from the given reference date?
convert field path into param name
returns regex which could grab metric names from current level to the next level for a given query .
linkfragment has closed - > process the result .
get whole rows from the passed indices .
write bitvector01divider to outputstream . this method doesn t care about r0 and r1 . caller must write these bvs .
media file was picked - > process the result .
writes an st object to a file .
accepts a file or directory contain the statistics files
if sel is managed correctly it ensures that the cast is accurate .
do the actual lookup of a piece of valid data
sets up the transaction management interceptor for all methods of the passed view .
update current record .
get enricher context
set the style of the feature row
remove marked datasets
unbind the entry in the provided location . this will remove the node in the tree and no longer manage it .
copy the remaining content of one stream to the other
appends reply - to addresses .
split a latlon rectangle to the equivalent projectionrect using this latlonprojection to split it at the seam if needed .
create a validator builder for com . helger . genericode . v04 . codelistsetdocument .
performs index query and returns index cursor which presents subset of index data which corresponds to result of execution of given operator .
setter for label - sets the semantic role label .
returns session from jtx transaction manager and started transaction .
returns true if the local server has the requested cluster .
get the size of the cache . this is not 100% accurate if cache is being concurrenly accessed .
notification message that the connection with the server was lost unexpectedly . we will try to reestablish the connection for ever until the connection has been reestablished or this thread has been stopped .
updates property in the database by storing the current property value .
after validation of an otp check that it came from a yubikey that actually belongs to the user trying to authenticate .
add user - defined words to the noun dictionary . spaced words are ignored .
write the bytes in array buf as a json characters escaping as needed
add the values the corresponding values of the given counter
associate a vertex id with the given shape .
checks given string against ip address v4 format .
creates an ndarray with the specified data
returns true if attribute is containing some value .
setter for semantictype - sets a semantic type typically the name of an entity annotation type .
add or replace an element type for this schema .
reads the inputstream into a byte array
catch the jvm exit and assure to shutdown the orient server .
wraps any non - runtime exceptions with a runtime exception
shift row ref .
return a unicodeset for a character class name . it appears that the names that tcl accepts are also acceptable to icu .
add a variable
returns column name for specified property name ..
set the duration of the interval . makes useduration true . if usestart recalculate end else recalculate start .
returns all the responses in conflict .
returns a new complete constructor injector with injection listeners registered .
remove all records belonging to specified cluster
computes the size of the arguments and of the return value of a method .
sets the value of the sonstigetyp property .
put a message on the queue schedule writing if not already scheduled .
check the connection metadata and driver name to guess which database dialect to use .
launch the activity if needed .
returns all the profiles that define certain prop s key name . key name is given as a wildcard or it can be matched fully .
find the variable pointed to by key
returns the biggest response group .
starts the server .
used to parse a response from the braintree gateway to be used for american express rewards balance .
reads graphics control extension values .
parse the given input source and return the root element
iterator api overrides
get the station key names
removes the mapping for this key from this map if present
allocate a counter for tracking a position on a stream of messages .
build a message for the given base message and its cause .
checks that the decryption input is a valid type otherwise sends the record to error .
disconnects from couchbase and releases all resources
default implementation .
get the entitymanager stack .
creates marklogicdatasetgraph from access parameters to a rest marklogic server .
get member data of type byte .
restore data context .
check if attribute - value structure has attribute matching given attributevalue and if so then set corresponding position in the tag .
filesystem can t be re - created either .
checks for all public super methods that are not overridden .
checks if a database exists in the remote server .
on cycle completion this method reports cycle metrics .
registers a default link template for a specific relation type . this template is used when no template with this relation type is provided by the server .
use an empty stream to avoid container writing unwanted message when a resource is missing .
processes the given javac error report and exception .
returns true if bth the master and responder are started .
convenience wrapper for parseconstraint .
writes unicode representation of a character .
sets to cc and bcc in msgtoset with to cc and bcc from emailwithdata .
determines if request body input parameter has a hidden input property .
creates socks5 proxy .
stores context path in page context and request scope .
if the checkaccessandexistence flag is true this method will check to see if the method exists and if it is accessible according to the context s memberaccess . if neither test passes this will return notfound .
notify all listeners about cacheperiod property changed . if passed newvalue is null the oldvalue is taken as new value . this is the case when the reloadmodel is invoked .
create a named usage parameter getter .
use by loaders
returns the number of routes in this router .
parse the attributes from string .
sets the value of the zinstyp property .
specify the http multipart mode when sending multi - part data .
this method will be started in context of executor either shard client or backup node
sets up a fileobserver to watch the current directory .
get the array of azimuths for this sweep .
convert a string into a scope . scope . local is returned by default .
extracts props belonging to active profiles .
generate a simple response for the corresponding endpoint to indicate some error
writes the given byte to this buffer .
shutdowns this log manager .
complete the document but don t close the underlying writer
compares two search nodes by their path cost .
given a full hostname return the word upto the first dot .
generates the storage key the provided parameters .
inserts the specified element into this queue waiting if necessary up to the specified wait time for space to become available .
provides a positional postfix walk over a term .
write the current state as a snapshot blob .
gets the string value of a string attribute .
checks the type of the simple geom and calls the appropriate method to build the xml
adds root package and its path mapping . duplicate root packages are ignored if mapping path is equals otherwise exception is thrown .
for instance the sparseprincipal uses it .
fire a property changed event to all listeners .
gets the field of this belief set that has the given name .
load the dbase file data .
verifies whether path of cookie satisfies specified matcher .
returns security domain value . this method checks domain is the same for every ejb 3 endpoint .
create a longterm forecast but only with a small subset of the weather data fields . typically for use in simple weather reports where you only show the predicted weather icon and temperature and not all the weather details .
create a statetoken by parsing the given if header as defined by section 9 . 4 in the webdav spec .
do not perform any character escaping except for % and ) .
create a file within the temporary folder root .
creates new element with correct configuration .
load body rows .
loads and configure the navigationfilters based on the storm config if there is one otherwise returns an emptynavigationfilters .
inserts a single character into the grid at the specified location . this is a private insert method that does not notify model listeners so that the public insert methods can do that as a separate step .
inserts prefix if doesn t exist .
iterating over all attributes got from the reader parameter .
applies a binary operator to a start value and all elements of this sequence going left to right .
convert style string to stroke object .
create a conditionterm by parsing the given if header as defined by section 9 . 4 in the webdav spec .
parses and returns an avro schema loaded from the schema registry using the provided schema id if available or the latest version of a schema for the specified subject .
adds a listener .
checks if is numeric .
copy rows .
gets the column style .
extract caller data information as an array based on a throwable passed as parameter
indicates if this dimension is the reciprocal of another dimension .
returns a list containing all the descriptors and the type .
notifies local transaction context that server is suspended and only completes suspension if there are no active invocations nor transactions .
gets the leveldescription .
set the catalog to be displayed . if ok then a catalog propertychangeevent is sent .
updatedatamodel updates the data model for a workspace
calcalates the log base 10 of an integer . this produces results faster for shorter numbers .
copy part of a randomaccessfile to output stream specify internal buffer size
returns the size of the module modulepackages and modulemainclass attributes generated by this modulewriter . also add the names of these attributes in the constant pool .
parse the command line and execute the requested task .
gets the first volume if found in the eventmodel
parse a catalog document augmenting internal data structures .
compute x^exponent to a given scale . uses the same algorithm as class numbercruncher . mathutils . intpower .
converts comma - separated string into array of bean references .
attach attributes in tag
reads the meta data block in the footer of the file using provided input stream
finds the first child node with given node name .
initialize the mrwork variable in order to get all the partition and start to update the jobconf
commits the micro - transaction if it s a top - level micro - transaction .
given a typical string insert backslashes before and \\\\\\\\ characters and control characters .
make a nicely formatted representation of a longitude eg 120 . 3w or 99 . 99e .
encode the specified int as a variable length integer into the supplied outputstream
creates an array with single element .
gets the value of the ad property .
determines if a user is already authenticated .
escape the given string to be used as url query value .
appends to address .
counts actual real hints .
moves a file to a directory .
jax - rs annotations are found in the deployment especially if it s an ear one )
checks that this node is valid for the current thread
given a location find markers indicated which protocol to use look what use case is this handling ?
set the default http proxy to be used for all requests .
do a nice pretty print of a number . add commas and such .
will create jsonobject with the passed parameters and other relevant information . see class - level documentation .
adds an around - construct interceptor
get all configured report plugins .
check for a separator
gets the current subject or the configured subject if the current subject is not found .
converts an euler coordinate into a rotation matrix . different type of euler coordinates are accepted .
adds the given element to this queue . if the queue is currently full the element at the head of the queue is evicted to make room .
multiply this complex number by another one .
given a thrift definition protocols events it checks all the required fields and create default value if a required field is missing
sets the empty item drawable that is drawn when outside of the adapter range .
computes the acute angle between the two lines . does not check for intersection
constructs the full server uri from a request
listens on the event .
check if the given rect intersects an already drawn object
compute the next position of x - false .
visits a jump instruction . a jump instruction is an instruction that may jump to another instruction .
checks if a variable is appearing within the last body functor in which it occurs and only does so within argument position .
finds all . humble temp files in the temp directory and nukes them .
defines filter for sent date .
need subclass access
get the currently selected beans . use this for multiple selection
get the ids of all contained keys
converts matrices into vectors . all matrices must be vectors with 3 elements .
remove all occurrences of the character c in the string s .
create a referenceddata instance that wraps data but also has a reference .
creates a channel provider shared by each subscriber . it is basically the default channelprovider with the exception that it can be configured with a custom endpoint for example when running against the pubsub emulator .
writes properties to the temporary file that will be deleted on process exit and returns file url as a result .
safely create a new softvalueref
support slf4j interception during initialization as introduced in slf4j version 1 . 7 . 15
compute the structuremembers object from a dapstructure . may need to recurse if a field is itself a structure
create a new paragraph text field .
sets the stemmer type to use
finds index of the first character in given array the differs from the given set of characters .
appends one or more bcc addresses .
set preloader .
non - structure - member variables .
draw the tile and get the bytes from the x y and zoom level
removes all entries from bonsai tree . put all but the root page to free list for further reuse .
checks that srcdir exists that it is a directory and if srcdir and destdir are not equal .
find first occurence of char c in escapedname excluding escaped c .
make a copy with an independent cache .
discards any cached principal for the given collection of credentials .
open the file and read the header part
resolves json name from real name .
create an builddochandler that serves documentation from a given jar file by wrapping a jarrepository .
execute a task
create a reader builder for com . helger . genericode . v10 . columnsetdocument .
stops the service . unregisters service activity and clears transaction listener .
return a variable of all 0s with the same shape as the input
> greater than operator
handler for triggering the action .
copies a resource from within the jar to a directory .
copies default properties from annotation to the check .
returns the number of the records of the class iclassname .
returns the number of elements of the handler list that begins with the given element .
converts all tabs on a line to spaces according to the provided tab width . this is not a simple tab to spaces replacement since the resulting indentation remains the same .
called from tdsinit on spring - managed auto - wired bean
adds a pre destroy interceptor
return the read - only status indicator for the given receive channel uri .
avoids to dump the same configuration twice if it s unchanged since the last time .
get a context
open a featuredataset from an access object .
gets the lower bounding box coordinate on the line .
append a source buffer to the end of the internal buffer resizing the internal buffer as required .
gets the rows list .
make a double array out of an int array
appends order by keyword .
sets the value of the obstpflanzung property .
get the table to calibrate data value
moves a directory .
serialize xml document to output stream of given http response .
rename an attribute
builds a put request .
removes the run as identity
sets an attribute and its value into this element type .
settings to be always applied
sets included set of names that will be considered during configuration .
converts the string name into a compositename object and performs the bind operation . uses callbindorrebind . throws an invalid name exception if the name is empty .
deletes a permission
initialize the underlying vault .
sets the value of the keineangabe property .
creates process responsible for running lessc shell command by reading the file content from the sourcefilepath
convert projection coordinates to a latlonpoint
put the function for id
puts an int into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
uses the given classloader to search for a resource
computes the area of the intersection between the two polygons .
returns the data center write quorum .
builds the cells for row .
retrieve offsetcommittrigger pipe .
i have no idea what this is about it was in the old logic
writes an ncml element to a writer .
a path is a synthetic path if it ends in . dmr or . syn
set the data from a bitmap
gets the object at the given index of the catalog .
logic to execute before invoking a management method on the mbean
process the model to figure out the name of the services the server config service has to depend on
builds a connect request .
removes a property .
crop an image
parses the tag file and collects information on the directives included in it . the method is used to obtain the info on the tag file when the handler that it represents is referenced . the tag file is not compiled here .
compresses a file into gzip archive .
reload the log from disk .
for backward compatibility with the previous string based mode
returns the namespace defined in the entity or the configured namespace
parses the retry number of times
dataset factory so subclasses can override
iterates to next value at the beginning of the loop .
called to process any outstanding timeouts .
joins an array of objects into one string with separator .
build a partition path for the external table .
creates a common target over a value with known scope data .
parse the given xml stream and return the root element
executes the command request and return the result back .
gets the value of the waehrung property .
returns whether the whole outqueue has been flushed
check one and only one of the 2 elements has been defined
creates a new message with the given cause .
compile a structure instance .
for associated fields
lookup the object value of a binding node in the tree .
returns a new node based on a successor of this node . this new node will also be a heuristicsearchnode .
specialcolors - fill in special colors for an nfa
returns the namespace uri for the specified prefix at the specified context node .
returns an evaluation that contains the node source and whether it is a set operation .
gets the directory for a given timed object making sure it exists .
gets the sum of all results .
read a local cdm file into memory . all reads are then done from memory .
join string .
set the cache timer resolution
make mfileos7 if file exists otherwise return null
create a validator builder for com . helger . genericode . v04 . columnsetdocument .
creates the correct type of queue for this search . this search uses a priority queue ordered by heuristic value .
generates a clause which which compares subclauses using one of the relative operators supported by the operator class .
create an xmlstore reading from the specified filename .
update the classpath .
reads a snapshot entry . if the last entry has been read a null value will be returned .
initial chart map for specified workbook .
generates a simple result with byte - array content .
set text view value or change its visibility in case of empty value .
constructs a tuple of a b c d e
set the icons for the feature table and feature id
adds a projection to this list of projections after wrapping it with an alias
boost the precision by appending decimal zeros to the value . this returns a value which appears to have a higher precision than the input .
enables single profile .
create a simpleunit from the given name catch exceptions .
generates inner html .
this method should be called only once and before any stages are loaded .
add a property to the properties of this execution context . if the property exists already it is overwritten .
removes a property if it is null or an empty string . this allows the property to have a null or emtpy string in the meta - data but we don t copy it to the validator if the property is not set .
compares two keys in internal converted form to see if they are equal . this implementation uses the equals method . subclasses can override this to match differently .
inserts the main details of a log event into the database
writes headers and service sections
set the element as text value parse it and setvalue . the separator is cid_separator
add a sasl mechanism to the list to be used .
rotate the log and update the tail counter for the new term .
registers set injection point .
to preserve the difference between empty list and null when optional
write the data in source to the specified stream .
attempt to unblock a log buffer at given position
returns byte array of created class .
walks over the supplied term .
compare expected versions with given versions to see if they are the same or not .
construct an absolute uri from a relative one using the current base uri .
destroy only the pool itself - not the individual pipe runners .
calculate the position reached by a quorum of cluster members .
sets bean parameters from bean . non - existing bean properties are ignored .
update an existing text field .
member data is itself a structure and may be an array of structures .
checks that requires parameters are set and if everything is in order activates this appender .
generates attribute has with useragent remoteaddr keys . combines them and hashes with sha256 and sets the variable .
return a queryparameter which contains reference to the original elements except for those from the exception list .
completes instance taxonomy computation stage and the stages that it depends on if this has not been done yet .
this will create markers for parse errors . parse errors mean that antlr has picked up some major typos in the input source .
heres where the work is to identify coordinate axes and coordinate systems .
sets from reply - to and recipients .
delete all databases that do not exist or the database file does not exist
wraps the given callable in a contextual callable that transfers the request to another thread . this acts as a way of transporting request context data from the current thread to a future thread .
the injector is a special case because we allow both parent and child injectors to both have a binding for that key .
sum provides overflow protection .
build a list of conventions
gets the port number that this server listens on .
convert 3 bytes into a signed integer .
removes all the tags with the given name
retrieve pathinfo from a given location .
write all parts and the last boundary to the specified output stream .
validate object using context from the annotations .
writes a _metadata and _common_metadata file
performs a http get against the connection test web service to confirm whether the connection is valid .
maximum function with a scalar
get the point paint for the feature style or return the default paint
writes the given data to this buffer .
place an object into the nonserializablefactory namespace for subsequent access by getobject . there cannot be an already existing binding for key .
registers new session destroy callback if not already registered .
method adds the token to root
partitions of the hostname of the url by .
creates a field path given a data set and the field path in symbolic form conforming to paths associated with a prefix index .
trim whitespaces from the right .
get the approximate zoom level for the provided length in the default units . tiles may or may not exist for the returned zoom level . the approximate zoom level is determined using a factor of 2 from the zoom levels with tiles .
writes a boolean as int where false = 0 and true = 1 .
amend the given netcdffile with metadata from hdf - eos structmetadata . all variables named structmetadata . n where n = 1 2 3 ... are read in and their contents concatenated to make the structmetadata string .
selects a plan instance at random from the set of plan bindings .
extract the string array of data for a field by name .
this subroutine converts an integer time array containing the date time and forecast time into a gempak grid time .
advance current json value to specified element in json array . set current json value to null otherwise .
check if ruby whois gem has a parser for a specific registrar
set the host address for client connected to this event stream .
generates an integer - noise value from the coordinates of a three - dimensional input value .
gets the pic helper .
parses a string literal .
get the customlocation flag from the metadata record . this flag marks whether or not the hive database object is stored into a custom path on the hadoop filesystem . in both cases the path is stored in the location field of the metadata record .
stop an active recording .
create a simple label . create newlines with \\\\ n .
provides the symbols fixity derived from its associativity .
write records to a jdbc destination using the recordwriter specified by key and handle errors
registers endpoint and its associated ws handlers .
adds message data and attachments .
pop the stack restartably
returns the v persistent class as orientvertextype instance .
append a value to this attribute .
specify included jars .
copy array a to array result as an object the array a and result must be type object
computes the intersection of this rectangle with another one .
sets the value of the ackerland property .
returns buffered writer if buffering is enabled otherwise returns the original writer .
interprets the contents as notificationlite objects and calls the appropriate observer method .
splits a string into it s components .
sets the major version and the name of the class to which this symbol table belongs . also adds the class name to the constant pool .
loads them ; note that it s possible for some loaded results to be null
creates a new flow with an introduction and exit basic rule .
specifies the search path . throws an exception if url is invalid .
round up to the nearest power of 2
sets the value of the overseassales property .
converts a name string s first letter to lowercase
if the http client is set this will close and clean any connections that needs to be closed .
creates a new muteevent
check if an uri from a particular group has changed .
create a cataloggenconfig jdom element
the given unit is unitless .
returns an imageicon or null if the path was invalid .
returns pseudo - class name from simple class name .
splits track on the timevalue specified
append decimal zeros to the value . this returns a value which appears to have a higher precision than the input .
sets the value of the hotel property .
sets the value of the wert property .
returns true if the resource is true otherwise returns false
add header to request description .
read data array
shutdown the service successfully
do a bulk read on a list of variables and return a corresponding list of array that contains the results of a full read on each variable . this is mostly here so dodsnetcdf can override it with one call to the server .
returns the reader line length the stringbuilder has up to maxobjectlen chars
reuses the underlying database avoiding to create and open it every time .
create an atomiclongarray of the specified size each value in the array will be empty_bucket_value
remove any char not alphanumeric or in okchars .
set thread pool enabled . this thread pool is not for the service threads it is for the user service method . if your service method takes a long time or will be blocked please set this property to be true .
read the bit map array .
returns a new map with all the entries of map1 and any from map2 which don t override map1 .
adds a constant_methodhandle_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
compute the offset for the given array given the indices
open a ucar . nc2 . ft . pointfeaturecollection write out in cf point format .
returns the array of factor - s constituting this dimension .
some operations require that the transaction be suspended
this method applies the properties from the validationmetadata to the validator uses spring s beanwrapperimpl .
re - writes a list of flat and conditions moving left all the equality operations
retrieves electronic form workflow historic information .
returns servlet name to url pattern mappings .
calculates first item index of the page .
compute the inverse of this matrix .
get http session from current request creating it if necessary . this method should be call inside a request context otherwise bug error is thrown .
gets the type of the given object .
creates a horizontal grip - able bar for adjusting the console height .
releases the global write lock from being assigned to a transaction .
gets the key metadata but only if this was an
finish batch from the origin s perspective .
set common http response headers and delegates actual serialization to subclass . this method disables cache and set content type to value returned by subclass .
not supported by simplecatalogbuilder .
hash a key
does this condition contain the given conditionterm?
gets the first 254 characters of an object s string representation . this is used to truncate a logging event s argument binding if necessary .
write content of the record in a human readable form .
asynchronously insert a rolled up metric to the appropriate column family for a particular granularity
prepend meta - inf location
move to the next position of invalid rows to requery . perform the requery the first time .
truncates all the clusters the class uses .
wraps a singlesource into a maybe .
this method is synchronized in order to avoid concurrent calls to mkdir
return a float type value
create the sample process junit test file .
find remove full name list .
receive a datagram from the media layer .
start up the queue handlers .
sets value on some profile .
sort the nodelist into prefix left to right order
debugging do not use .
prepares return value .
get a property group for the given property base .
get the size of a closed file
executes an action for given record .
adds a transactional operation to the transactional write - behind cache for the specified transaction . if no cache exists for the specified transaction id a new one is created .
create a codec factory that will provide compressors and decompressors that will work natively with bytebuffers backed by direct memory .
build the url for a specific notification .
convert one message ino a netcdfdataset and print data
the http error to be used when an error is triggered .
replaces all occurrences of a certain pattern in a string with a replacement string . this is the fastest replace function known to author .
initialize and validate configuration options
calculates the number of milliseconds to the start of the specified year taking 1970 as zero .
template method for retrieving the userdetails based on the assertion . default is to call configured userdetailsservice and pass the username . deployers can override this method and retrieve the user based on any criteria they desire .
deletes the record .
override bindings using play modules .
the default parameters for media constraints . might have to tweak in future .
resolves and initializes bean definition . may be called multiple times .
performs actual gzip of the filtered content .
extracts subset of properties that matches given wildcards .
query for geometry metadata count within the bounding box in the provided projection
is want contained in this range?
make a station from the station data structure .
scan the given tld for uri and listeners elements .
use this method rather than accessing the field directly because it will create a default one if none is provided .
list a range of recording descriptors which match a channel uri fragment and stream id .
print out errors this will stop the build from succeeding
looks behind gets stuff after the white space . basically ripping out the last word .
executes actions scheduled for before commit
lookup the message with the given id in this catalog and bind its substitution locations with the given string values .
convert xssfcolor to triple let numbers .
creates the demo chart .
process a named entry in the zip file .
create a new index based on current one by eliminating the specified dimension ;
build a flattened representation of the yaml tree . the conversion is compliant with the thorntail spring - boot rules .
puts a new value into the flash scope .
result set with a single result ;
log a message for a canonical event at the error level . default values are used for all other parameters .
add a new array to the list .
handle messages .
initialize the schema generator
determine whether a term is a free variable .
process a deployment for iron - jacamar . xml files . will parse the xml file and attach metadata discovered during processing .
handle open and empty id attribute tags .
read the contents from the inputstream and place into a byte array with any error messages put in the return string .
get the currently selected bean or null if none selected .
access it members
stop a timer of the given string name for the given thread . if no such timer exists - 1 will be returned . otherwise the return value is the cpu time that was measured .
invokes init methods .
power function .
lookups for bundle file .
checks if the current position is immediately within a top - level functor .
start the file
sets the value of the kleingewerbe property .
reads request body only once and returns it to user .
sets the value of the haustyp property .
markcanreach - recursive marking of states which can reach here
returns the browser recipe that can handle checkout or null if there is none .
converts all of the characters in the string to upper case based on the locale .
writes the current data to a new page in the page store
prints the composite message and the embedded stack trace to the specified print writer .
see top javadoc for possible urls
generate json by given java properties and given filter
this method should be called every time we finish writing into a file and consider it done .
saves object reference .
munge this catalog so the given dataset is the top catalog .
a convenience function to check if two objects are equal .
recursive descent parser
replaces the x coordinates of the rectangle with the x coordinates of another one .
attempt to release any locks on shutdown so that other clients can obtain those locks without having to wait for them to expire .
parses a duration string anr returns its value in seconds .
appends missing space if the output doesn t end with whitespace .
creates a text encryptor that uses stronger password - based encryption . encrypted text is hex - encoded .
replace any char not alphanumeric or in allowchars by replacechar .
internally used by the webserver to add all queued cookies into the response s http headers .
get the current value for this muffin .
resource - adapter dmr resource
sets the vector equal to a - b .
get ith element
extracts named groups from the raw data
tests to see if the provided point lies on or is contained inside the ellipse
check in the receiver and answer a new locator on the resulting version resource .
get the cache value for key . this method does not check to see if the entry has expired .
insert element into the queue then possibly signal that the queue is not empty and block the producer on the element until permission to procede is given .
creates compilation command for provided typescript input .
timeout worker method .
parses all model files in the directories and all resources . y
actually creates the message .
single column updates ) .
returns the sum of all results .
recieves a tick from our clock .
query an external rfc2483 resolver for a public identifier .
logout hook .
getter for searchid - gets an identifier for this search result . used to collect hit - list objects that belong to this search result after they ve been split out for parallel processing then gathered up again .
returns an extractor instance appropriate based on the given configuration .
first it checks is there any annotation class for parsing operations if it is parses with given format if there is a exception while parsing with given format catches and tries with default values if there is no given format tries with static values
return true if unitstring1 is convertible to unitstring2
height units 2 pixel .
remove prefix path of the full path .
remaining time till timeout return zero if already in timeout
defines class name as a target . class will not be loaded by classloader!
splits passed in key on several words and remove records with keys equals to any item of split result and values equals to passed in value .
closes this stream . the source stream is closed and any resources associated with it are released .
returns the value to which the specified key is mapped or null if 1 ) the value is not current or 2 ) this cache contains no mapping for the key .
visits a nested annotation value of the annotation .
sets the original row num in hidden column .
gets a person . s
corresponding hex value
print callback . checks if the print feature is enabled . if so launch the system print job .
returns the current graph settings .
get the canonical request uri from the request mapping data requestpath
write a netcdf - 3 file from a subset of a grid dataset as long as it doesnt exceed a certain file size .
converts char array into byte array by stripping the high byte of each character .
sets the value of the telefonart property .
setter for abstractquery - sets the abstract query from which this actual query was generated .
construct a cli from an annotated class
svd based method for fitting a plane to a set of points and a known point on the plane . the plane s equation is returned as a point on the plane and the normal vector .
derives the type of a field in a document .
find parent rows mapping from shift map .
get cell font color .
add the given name to the set of activity context names that we are bound to . the ac naming facility implicitly ends the activity after all names are unbound .
returns an alistmap instance with a given equalityforequals initializing it from separate keys and values collections . both collections are iterated exactly once and are expected to have the same size .
log the specified message and exception .
delete the feature index for the feature row from the index types
initialize the httpclient layer .
add request attribute
visits the enclosing class of the class . this method must be called only if the class has an enclosing class .
work data initialization .
checks whether the record contains solr fields in solrfieldsmap or not .
retrieves all configurations .
avg pooling 3d operation .
write specified key - value pairs into the current block .
reads serialized object from the file .
set the value for a given key . the value can be null .
get the most accurate forecast for the given date .
tricky bit of business . recapture the entire record based on drs position . for validation .
see if chars is in another string
write next line to the output .
write the features from the featurelist . for each feature write its attributes
return true if the given string is true or false ignoring case .
delete the index for the geometry id
reads filter config parameters and set into destination target .
start background storage management and uploading tasks .
get the key with the specified id .
get the duration in milliseconds - +
given an array of strings and a separator and a count concat the first count elements of an array with separator between them . a null string is treated like .
closes the memcached client connection .
query for a tile
make a 1d array from a list of strings .
never call this method only override in subclasses to perform job adding in a specific way normally tied to the data structure holding the jobs .
returns the property value with replaced macros .
get the principals of the logged in user in this case the distinguished name .
create load all keys sql .
initialize the output stream .
get the color or default value
copy subtraction of two matrices
returns context root associated with webservice deployment .
set the styles for the feature table and feature id
the unit eigenvector corresponding to the maximum eigenvalue of q is the rotation parameterized as a quaternion .
truncates the overflow file to a given size if possible .
computes and return the center of the cube .
parses query from give query string . values are optionally decoded .
deblocks p - macroblock
read content of all read buffers and reorder elements inside of lru list to update internal statistic . method has to be wrapped by lru lock .
initialize scheduler and start jobmanager
method is used to log operations which change content of the container . such changes should be flushed immediately to update content of lru list .
returns the plugin s resource bundle
prints the usage line .
set the fragment for this uri . a non - null value is valid only if this is a uri conforming to the generic uri syntax and the path value is not null .
removes starting and ending single or double quotes .
finds resources locally i . e . in the urls managed by the extended urlclassloader .
removes all child nodes . each child node will be detached from this parent .
finds the point which has the mean location of all the points in the array . this is also known as the centroid .
throws an exception for invalid byte .
create server exception using error msg and fill the stack trace using the stack trace of throwable .
attach an sbb entity to this ac .
configures madvoc by reading context init parameters .
create the sample ruleflow launcher file .
create a child of this logger by suffix that is the part of the name extending this logger . for example if this logger is named x . y and the lastpart is z then the created child logger will be named x . y . z .
sets the kind of paint to use . for the image background?
determine if the geopackage is external
looks ahead to see if there are optional spaces followed by the given string . if so true is returned and those spaces and characters are skipped . if not false is returned and the position is restored to where we were before .
try connect to an archive on its control interface providing the response stream details . only one attempt will be made to offer the request .
gets the value of the stellplatzart property .
return string value for current json value
sets the value of the industrie property .
reset the state of a cluster member so it can be canvassed and reestablished .
creates alias .
creates a future ack result from the given parameter . it is expected that the caller will eventually wait for the future ack result that is returned .
executes this action with the given http context and returns the result .
find an object by name . can be very expensive for large catalogs since a name comparison is performed in sequence on the objects in the catalog until a match is found . search is case sensitive .
gets the interceptor list for a given method . this should not be called until all interceptors have been added .
takes performance data for component from last snapshot and aggregates them with data passed inside method as parameter . result of aggregation of performance data is returned inside of passed in performance data .
indicates that the component was undeployed and thus should clean up any resources
computes the coordinates of the specified grid cell relatively to the area top left corner .
even if javabits is 64 the limit on an array size is integer . max_value .
set the i th value of the array .
fills the draftframes with new data for the broadcast
returns the next binding in the list .
convert the given int indexes to nd array indexes
sets the value of the pictures property .
returns a directorypartition or directorycollection
delete the table style mapping with the geometry type value
updates single property in database and in the bean .
loops until all notifications in the queue has been processed .
parses a property as an integer .
get current maparea .
get a node s grandparent . mind you the node its parent or its grandparent may not exist . no problem
builds the current range .
generate json by given path to file with properties with only included domain keys .
parses signature for generic information and returns a map where key is generic name and value is raw type . returns an empty map if signature does not define any generics .
removes a previously added listener .
starting the location updates
validate the database and close when validation fails . throw an error when not valid .
perform linear interpolation
prints a variable binding in the form var = value .
encode a string to base64
obtains the values of all the parametres of the given operation .
read the database table and create a dao
sets the actual members injector .
decode the value using base64 .
extracts tag file directive information from the tag file with the given name .
find out if the file can be opened but dont actually open it . experimental .
converts it into a 3 by 3 homogeneous matrix .
reads the given input stream and returns its content as a byte array .
to obtain a configuration of sql .
converts type reference to java - name .
print statistics about the saturation
write the ncml representation for a file . note that ucar . nc2 . dataset . ncmlwriter has a jdom implementation for complete ncml . this method implements only the core ncml for plain ole netcdf files .
returns the set of clusters where server is the owner .
waits for a object for synchronization purposes .
converts a plane in tangent form into a plane in normal form
pretty much wrf specific
sets the value of the directions property .
read a catalog and extract a featurecollectionconfig from it
matches expression with the value .
renders a button control as a hyperlink for the page control .
this is only used for the top level gribcollection .
create the movebacktocenter recipe
detects database and configure dboom engine .
creates binary search wrapper over an array .
opens the given url logging any exceptions
generates a chunked result .
delete the database table name
update the list of declared namespaces with a new namespace .
looks up schema id for the specified subject from the schema registry
add a variable to the given group .
opens a read - only in - memory editor .
return the name of the dorade descriptor at the current location in the file . the current location will not be changed .
creates new properties object from the original one by copying those properties that have specified first part of the key name . prefix may be optionally stripped during this process .
log a message for a canonical event at the trace level . default values are used for all other parameters .
add header information to send to hdfs
symmetrically decrypts the string .
stuff for iosp
element wise maximum function between 2 indarrays
sets properties from the map .
if it is a handle reference it gets the referred handle
actions a pull event
writes an array of bytes to the compressed output stream . this method will block until all the bytes are written .
write a field
returns a flowable that emits the events emitted by source publisher in a sorted order based on a specified comparison function .
if we detect that the in - coming transfer outputdataqueue channel is empty then it could be an excellent time to sync to disk .
add all tables in list to standard tables
adds route to the first section .
cancel any running timer for the connection lost detection
writes a sequence of utf - 8 encoded characters from a string .
add a new task to the top of the localqueue incrementing top . this is only ever called from the owning thread .
put the given key - value pair into the context .
applies a binary operator to a start value and all elements of this list going left to right .
returns the decoder that should be used to interpret the configuration files .
encodes string using default rfcp rules .
this needs to be called before anything else because we need the media factory .
dereference the object at the given index .
get table schema
convert styledlayerdescriptorinfo to raw xml .
splits a string into many parts
retrieves the value crossing the map with the dotted notation
unsets the ft context of the ra object .
getter for semantictype - gets a semantic type typically the name of an entity annotation type .
returns all existing resources for the id . if there are no resources for the id the id will get skipped
cleans up any state that may have been cached when constructing the jit binding .
return the current list of catalog files .
load worksheet by tab name .
interpolates a value between the first and second transform . a value close to 0 will be more similar to the initial and 1 more similar to the end .
calculates and formats standard time as in quicktime player
translation - time validation of the xml document associated with the jsp page . this is a convenience method on the associated taglibraryvalidator class .
executes a task .
loads properties from string .
finds the minimum area bounding rectangle around the quadrilateral that is aligned with coordinate system axises .
adds a new factory .
get member data of type float .
raises this unit to a power .
compares two heuristic search nodes by their heuristic values .
delete a group attribute . must be in define mode .
sets the value of the oel property .
constructs a grib1gds object from a pds and predefined tables .
return the value of the given parameter for the given request . should only be used if the parameter is known to only have one value . if used on a multi - valued parameter the first value is returned .
register the given directory with the watchservice
get the first h1 for the title .
returns the web endpoint method parameter from query string .
read a dataset element
get member data of type short .
replaces the abstract type stored at the given local variable index in the output frame .
get the coverage data value of the pixel in the tile row image
abstractcursor abstract methods
fits the polynomial curve to the data .
gets the parameter names or null if not found .
add one or more renderings . all renderings must have both a profile and a format .
performs outjection .
convert a string key to bytes .
adds a view interceptor to the given method
version 2 . 2 . x
sets the component of the timestamp returning the new timestamp with updated component .
updates an existing form definition with the fields inside the definition .
double check for map
resolves lazy value during the parsing runtime .
set the list of services attached specifically to this dataset . discard any previous servies .
creates properties from string .
given a schema name get the associated goodwillschema . this method tries hard to find it i . e . it will refresh the cache if the schema is not in the cache .
creates a random vector where each axis is selected from a uniform distribution .
adds the jaas - api integration filter if required
performs a http put request saves an attachment .
unpack a two - byte integer from the given byte array .
converts a dmatrixrmaj into geotuple3d_f64
adds the specified shared dimension to this group .
check input files basically . parquetfilereader will throw exception when reading an illegal parquet file .
move the iterator to the end of the range . if no range was specified move to the last record of the cluster .
finds specified vertex from the rows .
determine if a valid date range was specified
logic to execute before invoking a cmp getter method on the mbean
stops monitoring of performance statistic for whole system .
returns endpoint name .
finds a document in the replicator database .
if transaction is present and active then commit .
applys the font to the field editors managed by this page .
add bindings from play modules .
overlap the views and provide the crossfade effect
upgrade a kyero document to version 3 .
sets the value of the apisuchfelder property .
returns the accumulated size of all the bottom level maps .
reletive error in position - grib numbers sometimes miscoded
sets the arguments of this operator . it can be convenient to be able to set the outside of the constructor for example when parsing may want to create the operator first and fill in its arguments later .
crawl this datasetsource and generate a new invcatalog return the top - level invdataset .
returns socket factory based on proxy type and ssl requirements .
locates the block that contains the given uncompressed position .
current supports get cache server name determine the logic name of app
sets header value .
status of the running jobs
attaches a timer
prints usage information to standard out .
calculate the output shape for this op
sets a compiled head functor to this clause .
initializes the contents of the xmlstring structure with the specified values .
returns a new complete members injector with injection listeners registered .
method for checking if this du components are referred by any others .
prepares error message and reports it to the visitor .
search the immediate children for a basetype with given name .
visits a try catch block .
play the track .
assemble rowslist from rowsmapping .
adds a port to the list .
check password salt password planpassword .
replace x y and z in the url
creates an edge between a source vertex and a destination vertex setting label as edge s label .
return the absolute value of the given complex number
clear the builder .
prints a formatted string to standard output using the locale and the specified format string and arguments ; then flushes standard output .
return whether the definition targets an existing pooled connection factory or use a jca - based connectionfactory .
get a list of granted authorities based on the current user s websphere groups .
assemble new value .
adds an alias for a unit to the database .
creates a scheduledexecutorservice with the given factory .
select the property group that has more restrictive url - pattern . in case of tie select the first .
returns the complete list of servers found in configuration .
resolves and registers table references .
populate a new geometry metadata from an envelope
creates and registers a gauge with the given thread name . the same name must be used to report health .
a simple utility function to watch over pod until it gets ready
registers the standard - events
invoked when exception occurs .
removes all listeners of the specified event .
set this raw datastore value on the relevant property of the pojo doing whatever translations are necessary .
measure action invocation time .
upgrade an openimmo document from version 1 . 1 to 1 . 2 . 0 .
internal method for changing the first character case .
write an catalog to the httpservletresponse return the size in bytes of the catalog written to the response .
add value to the named counter . add counter if it doesnt already exist .
calculate of nyquist velocity
perform an update on the receiver to set the version it is based upon .
add an objectfactory to handle requests for a specific url scheme .
optimizing vertices for optimal presentation
return true if the path refers to a jar file in web - inf and is a system jar .
sets the fetch plan to use .
sort if you already know the reflection fields .
tokens that don t need to evaluated
getter for namedentitytypes - gets list of named entity types associated with this concept .
returns the number of prefix components that this pattern has in common with the pattern p passed as parameter . by prefix components we mean the components at the beginning of the pattern .
setter for searchid - sets an identifier for this search result . used to collect hit - list objects that belong to this search result after they ve been split out for parallel processing then gathered up again .
process calendar attributes .
convenience method for adding a long integer option .
split up a string into multiple strings based on a delimiter .
returns the value mapped by name if it exists coercing it if necessary or fallback if no such mapping exists .
writes the magic byte and schema id to an output stream replicating the functionality of the confluent kafka avro serializer
upgrade an openimmo document from version 1 . 2 . 0 to 1 . 2 . 1 .
log a message at the error level . default values are used for all other parameters .
get member data of type arraysequence
single quote and escape a character
setup the parsing formats . offered as a separate static method to allow testing of locale changes since simpledateformat will use the default locale upon construction . should not be normally used!
pre process remoting context initial some useful infos and pass to biz
puts a new value into the current session .
find a channel
calls a method on a script object compiled during a previous script execution which is retained in the state of the scriptengine .
stores value in database . value is casted to sql type .
assign the rodrigues coordinates using a 3 element vector . theta is the vector s magnitude and the axis of rotation is the unit vector .
check for various variations of profile files
validate by tie web sheet validation bean .
added 5 - 30 - 2006 to allow for resetting of the input used by this object . this saves in memory allocation costs
return the cached service configuration resolving the service if required .
converts it into a 4 by 4 homogeneous matrix .
validate the database and close it . throw an error when not valid .
for making partition collection
does the actual work of reading a catalog .
register our listeners on sfsb that will be created
internal file copy when most of the pre - checking has passed .
parses a jsp page or tag file . this is invoked by the compiler .
construct cascading pull - aside menus using the values of the debug flags in the preferences object .
finds the specified uri pattern inside a jar file . if the specified file isn t a valid jar default strategy will be used instead .
factory method that returns a regexpanddurationtimecoverageenhancer instance that will apply the match pattern to the dataset path .
normalizes the given string .
< = less or equals than operator
autodetects the encoding of the xml document supplied by the given input stream .
closes the query and all created results sets and detaches itself from the session .
primary read entry point . this is the primary implementor of variable . read .
given a point on the plane s 2d coordinate system convert it back into a 3d point .
the logger is a special case because it knows the injection point of the injected member . it s the only binding that does this .
checks if a string there if not returns the default string
raise a complex number to a power
draw a tile bitmap from the x y and zoom level by querying features in the tile location
retrieves the form definition by primary key .
run the code in a new thread after a delay
validates an xml doc . if the validation fails the exception contains a detailed list of errors .
sort the arrays using the quicksort algorithm .
prepare the ws deployment and return a deploymentunit containing it
generate picture style .
validate that the image type
appends several child nodes at once . reindex is done only once after all children are added .
opposite operation of extractinnermapfromthelist . it takes linkedhashmap and generate a field that contains the list . this is to send metadata record to hms target . this function is called to for partition type list and partition value list .
calculates the number of ascii characters that will be needed to represent a specified signed decimal number .
attempt to switch to another user . if the user does not exist or is not active return null .
hide soft keyboard .
create a resultservice jdom element
set the avro schema to use for writing . the schema is translated into a parquet schema so that the records can be written in parquet format . it is also stored in the parquet metadata so that records can be reconstructed as avro objects at read time without specifying a read schema .
method for finding issuer by provided issuers in properties given an issued certificate .
returns an array of parameter values .
adds or replaces the content of the representation .
skips the given amount of bytes by repeated reads .
resolve parameters of decimal type .
get the authentication token to use .
once the children elements are also parsed now is the time to activate the evaluator options .
wrap the construction of url s to avoid throwing of checked malformedurlexception . instead meteoexception is thrown .
starts the browser and loads the set url in the web view .
read a string of known length .
get and use default if not found
identify which countries are guaranteed to contain the given bounding box fully . the given bounding box may wrap around the 180th longitude i . e minlongitude = 170 and maxlongitude = - 170 .
add a sessionid to a given channel .
get the list of merged parts in this file
add a coordinatesystem to the dataset .
adds entry to the read buffer with selected index and returns amount of writes to this buffer since creation of this container .
attach any ssp specific actions to this entry if enabled .
creates digest i . e . bundle id from given string . returned digest must be filename safe for all platforms .
get the style of the feature table and geometry type
to be overridden by servers that implement status report
set person id for the screen
there is arrays . tostring but this is intended to produce cymling code some day .
pseudocolor - allocate a false color to be managed by other means .
setup faces cell charts .
resolves real name from json name .
converts a string listing sub - strings seperated by a delimeter into an array of strings .
flush to disk .
returns encoded attachment name .
heuristically determines whether the current os is android
do something when closing .
if it is it returns the url parameter
sets the renderings . all renderings must have both a profile and a format .
retrieves the component javassist class pool
maps object to editpart .
adds a forward reference to this label . this method must be called only for a true forward reference i . e . only if this label is not resolved yet . for backward references the relative bytecode offset of the reference can be and must be computed and stored directly .
set my unqualified idl name . this also sets the names of the associated operations .
decorates a processor which will be applied on provided patterns .
clear cached softref s and threadlocal .
adds an object to the json array .
close the publications associated with members of the cluster .
process all packet listeners for sending packets .
takes the video picture and displays it at the right time .
flushes index if needed and completes loading if there is new input . incremental mode should be changed only during completing loading .
retrieves a profile given the cmp method name and profile id
construct a lazyref from the given initialization function .
list existing offline indices .
calculates track duration considering edits
not do a complete regex check to validate that this is actually a number .
does this dataset have a record structure? netcdf - 3 specific
updates the maximum row height for a row of the data table .
this method ensures the events in the beginning of fifo queues are finished
deserialize the given json string to java object .
dumpstate - dump an nfa state in human - readable form
we use this to trim the output in case of overruns
try to open as a netcdfdataset .
outputs a short into a byte array .
schedules the ending of all the entity activities this is needed on ra entity deactivation or slee container stop once the process ends it will invoke allactivitiesended to complete those processes
setter for abbreviation - sets the abbreviation of the name label .
finds the closest point on a line to the specified point .
is the received frame valid . this method will do some basic checks on the header and can be overridden in a subclass for further validation .
finds the set of all goals of a search .
get the elevation angle in degrees
clear and resize all caches and update the max cache size
shuts the packet reader down .
obtain the verbosity setting from the properties .
for a given set of probabilities of the occurences of symbols this function calculates the expected information content of a set of symbols given its probability distribution . the answer is expressed as a positive number of bits .
get the coverage data tile results by zooming out from the provided tile matrix
prepares the request buffer .
returns query sql string . for prepared statements returned sql string with quick - and - dirty replaced values .
determines if string array contains empty strings .
add an attribute of type string to the named variable . must be in define mode .
sets the value of the umfang property .
retrieve the fonts from the system folders .
check if this is making a request for a restricted dataset and if so if its allowed .
download file from the given response .
sets excluded names that narrows included set of packages .
this method differentiates rollingfileappender from its super class .
not used yet
convert the given value to a collection of granted authorities adding the result to the given result collection .
forces the value to be wrapped with if it isequalto for a string field .
remove an attribute by name ignoring case
gets the value of the distanzen property .
create a recovery plan that has only snapshots . used for dynamicjoin snapshot load .
get a messages context appropriate for the given candidates .
identify coordinate systems set varprocess . iscoordinatesystem = true . default is to look for those referenced by _coordinatesystems attribute .
dot product of 2 vectors
parse input attributes .
adds a new option to cli parser and option list .
convenience method for adding a string option .
returns just host url without path and query .
walk all the included variables and accumulate the referenced enums
removes all replicated data
performs pairwise comparison of version strings including nulls and non - integer components .
update the counter to the value provided it is greater . regardless of the returned value it is guaranteed that the value of the counter after execution will be at least the input value .
set the active naming store
type comparisions we use to determine how to serialize a number .
compute the fqn of this node
convenience routine for creating an xmlstore file in a standard place .
creates method signature from method name .
reads the next line from the standard input using the given charset .
finds the first occurrence of the separator character ignoring the escaped separators starting from the index . note the substring between the index and the position of the separator is passed .
initialize log4j from the given file location with no config file refreshing . assumes an xml file in case of a . xml file extension and a properties file otherwise .
evict if we are over the size limit .
find the most node from a given node .
convert a datarootext to a dataroot
determine if this bounding box is contained in another latlonrect .
track nested tables .
translates a message .
transforms a sass content into css using sass ruby engine . this method is synchronized because the engine itself is not thread - safe .
in a geocoding response the google geocoding api can return address results restricted to a specific area .
folders are always greater than non - folders if they are both folders or both not folders they are equal .
creates a new members injector and attaches both injection listeners and method aspects .
retrieve all the global field values .
create a color from the hex color and opacity
create a log a message for a given path
gets init parameters meta data from servlet meta data . if not found it creates new init parameters meta data and associates them with servlet meta data .
set the currently selected invdataset .
help register multi - interest user processor .
provides an iterator that generates all solutions on demand as a sequence of variable bindings .
gets the around timeout interceptor list for a given method . this should not be called until all interceptors have been added .
calculates x scroll position that is still in range of view scroller
answers whether the receiver and the argument are considered identical . to be identical the receiver and the argument must have the same status code message and extended status information .
parse the remote hostname of the channel .
notifies local transaction context that server is resumed and restarts deployment controller .
returns the base unit database of the si .
submits a forkjointask for execution .
create an builddochandler that serves the manual from a given directory by wrapping a filesystemrepository and the api docs from a given jar file by wrapping a jarrepository .
takes in a polygon checks whether it is an interior or exterior ring and writes the corresponding xml . iterates through all linked polygons
dispatch events .
basically a list comprehension of the keys for convenience .
tombstone an entry in the log so it is no longer valid .
puts values into the key value store in batch mode
update the least indexed time
returns true if the updater has accumulated enough ndarrays to replicate to the workers
has the candidate got unanimous support of the cluster?
returns the data center map for current deploy . the keys are data center names the values are node names per data center
resumes the specified tx . if it is null nothing is done .
return the log value of the given complex number
return whether the definition targets an existing external pooled connection factory .
this default implementation does not do anything . go ahead and overwrite it .
create a query parameter with a string value . the value will be urlencoded .
returns all icon fonts from bundle .
create and send the handshake to the other endpoint
read properties from each specified filename
generic byte - array to integer - array conversion
send an event to all registered listeners . if an exception is thrown remove the listener from the list
print trace log
marshals the sequence of method parameters into an output stream .
saves the current invocation context on a chained context handle .
sets new id value for entity .
runs a hollow cycle if successful cleans the mutations map .
just read collection so import process can continue
returns the data center where the server belongs .
insert or update .
reads the stream header into a buffer . this is a helper function for the constructors .
forcefully delete an existing attachment .
this is called to release all the name bindings after the activity end event is delivered to the sbb .
getter to return the socket used by this specific connection
adds action violation .
factory method to create a synchronized set .
block until the observer terminates and return true ; return false if the wait times out .
extracts the raw jndi_name value from the given model node and depending on the value and the value of any use_java_context child node converts the raw name into a compliant jndi name .
factory method to create a synchronized collection .
fill to max columns .
ends the activity context .
make a nestedtable object for the dataset .
determine if the url has bounding box variables
parses the strategy keyword if found .
initiate a new request process .
creates execution array that will invoke all filters actions and results in correct order .
sets the full name in hidden column .
print the contents of the context statuses but only if they contain errors .
returns a callable that returns the given value .
creates a socket .
resolves table name or alias that will be used in the query .
servletpath + pathinfo
method to generate a valid helm2 string for the second section
encode the value using base64 .
create an arraysequence to hold the data
creates properties from classpath .
start a block
quick prinout to system . out of the different parameter metadata fields
takes in a line and iterates through all its points writing the poslist to xml
get the next batch using _bindingiter . update the more field .
reads a json credentials file for a service account from and returns any errors .
grows the given array by the given size .
divides each element by v
reduce by functional support for int arrays .
perform automatic differentiation wrt the input variables
process the remoting command with its own executor or with the defaultexecutor if its own if null .
the base of the natural logarithm .
sets the expression currently active in the building context .
get the unit string for the variable . may be set explicitly else look for attribute cdm . units .
factory method for constructing a base unit .
returns the hash prefix or null if there isn t one .
merges a log event s properties with the properties of the logger context . the context properties are first in the map and then the event s properties are appended .
checks whether the string substitution functionality should be enabled .
method to get the current grouping notation
get the geometry type
finds a parametrized service based on its id .
puts character at index
parse the properties from the provided string containing a raw properties
allow write through to underlying byte for performance reasons
creates the spring security filter chain
markreachable - recursive marking of reachable states
list all the binding instances at a given location in the tree .
returns true if we already have a route created for the given name
update the publishers limit for flow control as part of the conductor duty cycle .
internal method to ensure that we return and not cache the default value if needed
back - tracks from the specified node moving succesively upwards through the chain of parent nodes until a node is encountered that has unexamined successors . this method implements the backtracking searches reverse direction . by checking for the presence of unexamined successors this method only backtracks where necessary .
returns the template if the list contains a single template only otherwise returns null
removes the value at the specified position in the json array .
returns exception chain starting from top up to root cause .
check whether a client address connected
writes a single page
sets the du as not installed and remove it from waiting list if present there . also tries to undeploy du s waiting for dependencies to be removed .
configure bean .
create a new text barcode field .
look wtf ?? set the machine type for this system .
get the byte order for the machine type .
crawl this datasetsource and generate a new invcatalog with all datasets named sorted and organized as defined by this datasetsource return the newly generated invcatalog .
returns true if updated .
takes single channel wavs as input produces multi channel wav
adds an abstract type to the list of types on which a constructor is invoked in the basic block .
get watcher config
notify that a new string has been written .
serializes object into provided appendable .
set the density
return an enumeration over activelocks which lists the locks currently held on this resource . return an empty enumeration if the lock discovery property is not found on the resource .
get the feature table default feature styles
getter for concepts - gets the list of query concepts that make up this abstract query . the list is ordered .
adds a timeout interceptor factory to every method on the component .
retrieves the form definition by name .
sets a property value
checks if the term argument to an instruction was a constant .
parse a double
combine the individual byte arrays into one array .
register instance factory to requested instance type .
complete the target without any value .
make section specification string from a range list for a variable .
reinitializes this evaluation to the parameters specified .
list the unique set of host name
get the array of available parameter names for this volume .
create a new demuxer
get the custom serializer for class name .
this method is a simple wrapper that lets us find the nosuchfileexception if that was the cause .
prepare the boundaries for processing
prints a logo .
determines a servicename from a capability name . only supported for use by services installed by this subsystem ; will not function reliably until the subsystem has begun adding runtime services .
add one occurrence of one lexeme .
uses the wildcardexpanderhandler to process all found files and directories .
copies exactly data . length bytes from this segmentedbytearray into the provided byte array
register all the names for the same instance .
visit the module corresponding to the class .
read a remote cdm file into memory . all reads are then done from memory .
executes actions scheduled after commit succeeds
resolve a number to a long or double .
thong added for rotate
setter for targettype - sets the actual target type annotation .
gets the header column style .
implements a non - terminal append - and - replace step .
replaces all occurrences of pattern in string with value
convert a list of ucar . ma2 . range to a list of slice more or less the inverst of create cdmranges
create a new table metadata
safely gets the dependencies of possibly not initialized bindings .
factory method for creating a new baseunit or obtaining a previously - created one .
check and repair the sheet s lastrow . if the row is blank then remove it .
adds child map to the props on given prefix .
this method returns the gate size in meters
adds permissions to a graph .
delete old databases
adds a constant_nameandtype_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
initializes this processor by setting an upstream subscription that ignores request amounts uses a fixed buffer and allows using the onxxx and offer methods afterwards .
look should you remove the entire cacheelement ?
sets id value for given entity .
create a new database with the specified name .
apply preprocessors on resources and merge them after all preprocessors are applied .
gets web resource collections meta data from security constraint meta data . if not found it creates new web resource collections meta data and associates them with security constraint meta data .
add table to standard tables for a specific center subcenter and version .
find the metadataconverterif registered for this key
removes all characters contained in provided string .
compare griddefrecords the numerics will use nearlyequals so values that differ in 3 or 4th decimal places will return equal . this is being coded because the ndfd model dx differ in the 3 decimal place otherwise equal .
converts segment of byte array into long array .
calculates the minimum size dimensions for the specified container given the components it contains .
waking up all workers waiting for new saturated contexts
count number of chars that match in two strings starting from front .
tries to find the resource history view attempting to open it if necessary .
adds a new constant_string_info to the constant pool of this symbol table .
add a nested group
returns property descriptor . declared flag is matched on both read and write methods .
set the aggregatedfolderpath if required .
add the polygon on the canvas
get the value at key
look wtf ?? is this the seam crossing ??
converts an relative path into an absolute one .
adds a value to the set associated with the key .
the sql statement is retrieved from the configuration and the admin is trusted
populates http response headers to the configured location
log a message for a canonical event with supporting key - value pairs at the info level . this method is provided only for efficiency over the var - args method above as it avoids an array creation during invocation .
default processing of the end tag returning eval_page .
returns the value with the specified key as an object .
returns the presence info for a particular user s resource or unavailable presence if the user is offline or if no presence information is available such as when you are not subscribed to the user s presence updates .
test if given http request is performed via xmlhttprequest .
adds the specified cluster to the class if it doesn t already exist .
pops as many abstract types from the output frame stack as described by the given descriptor .
determine if the database table is indexed after database modifications
returns the double value with the specified key .
get database name from the metadata record .
transforms a java . util . logging . logrecord to a message printable on log4j .
returns the property value configured if any .
decode the protocol code
adds accumulated value to key and current section .
import exported data from a given
to be overridden by servers that implement catalogs
removes all of the elements from this stack .
search the stream for a match to a string
insert a column in to this array will throw an exception if this ndarray is not a matrix
adds props files or patterns .
pull dump file from android device to pc
write an array of shorts
perform the search . this can be called multiple times to get successive results where more than one goal can be found if the algorithm supports this . in this case it should return null once no more goals can be found .
designed to be lightweight operation
set a property
checks whether a string matches a given wildcard pattern .
converts local date time to calendar .
compares two version strings .
many to one
reallocates buffer since the spec requires it to be unbounded .
invokes a method and rethrows any exception as runtime exceptions .
swap the byte order from the system default
convert arrays of chars to arrays of strings
reports whether this operator is an infix operator .
method to get the simple polymer type
remove the appender with the name passed as parameter form the list of appenders .
bulk get on keys getting the raw objects
re - sample a picture .
raise this unit to a power .
gets the current date in http format .
compute the next random value using the ratio algorithm . requires two uniformly - distributed random values in [ 0 1 ) .
re build upper level formula .
compiles the javascript template into plain javascript .
save the current workbooks .
renders node children to appendable .
jump some characters reading from an offset of a string .
generates a new token
return the localidltype for the given typecode .
atomically subtracts from the size and count if the queue is running in atomic counting mode or sizeable mode and the element is sizeable .
builds a trace request .
concatenates strings using a separator .
at run - time the evaluation per record must return always true since the recordset are filtered at the beginning unless an operator can work in both modes . in this case sub - class must extend it .
based on the current path structure is going to jump full action of the path
convert the error arguments .
main method for command line usage .
compares two column descriptors . identity columns should be the first on the list . each group then will be sorted by column name .
convert to camel case and pass upper or lower
gets the value of the statusis24 property .
this method returns the aci for the specified activity if exists it should be invoked by each impl of methods of an ra type aci factory .
extracts references from method or constructor annotation .
get a bit string for an integer
given a result and a lang return a new result with the lang cookie set to the given lang .
sets a preset dictionary . if a preset dictionary is wanted this function must be called immediately after creating the lzencoder before any data has been encoded .
one to many
creates a new float range type with the specified name if it does not already exist .
get the entity tag if it exists that refers to an entity such as subscription or publication .
creates the file .
returns the list of servers in a data center .
get an arraylist . this returns a copy of the stored list .
removes this node from dom tree .
read in a map of properties
determine how may service name pattern subscriptions have occurred .
returns an input stream for reading the specified resource .
set this square matrix from another matrix . note that this matrix will reference the values of the argument matrix . if the values are not square only the upper left square is used .
add new indexdefinition in current composite .
run tasks according to the given arguments .
gets the value of the adressdruck property .
puts this symbol table s bootstrapmethods attribute in the given bytevector . this includes the 6 attribute header bytes and the num_bootstrap_methods value .
attempts to close down log stream .
archive the blob
tests if this string starts with the specified prefix with ignored case and with the specified prefix beginning a specified index .
recycle the buffer .
sets the value of the freizeittyp property .
set authentication credentials to be used for the given host and port .
public for testing only
creates the cell comment .
normalize the given path so that it can be used in the creation of a crawlabledataset . this method can be used on absolute or relative paths .
send a ping to the endpoint or close the connection since the other endpoint did not respond with a ping
creates a new decimal type with the specified name if it does not already exist .
receive notification of a processing instruction .
do the actual authentication for a pre - authenticated user .
create a new date only field .
this method should be called to make sure that data on host side is actualized
getter for endsection - gets the end section of this passage within the document that contains this passage .
for generic acceptor and connectors migrate their factory - class attribute if they are using the default netty ones .
look if the wanted dimension is in the unknowndims list .
associating the obj with an ordinal
records the address of a binding onto the trail . the trail pointer is advanced by one as part of this operation .
evaluate normal cells .
only one thread should be calling in this puppy .
creates a write - attribute operation using the specified address name and value .
initialize state from default profile
return record header time as a calendardate
return the first child element of a given parent element whose tag matches any of the given names . when no child names are given the first child element is returned .
loop through the filters in the chain . as soon as a filter decides on accept or deny then that value is returned . if all of the filters return neutral then neutral is returned .
executes each of listeners with the given args .
add or replace a default attribute for an element type in this schema .
return evaluation wrapper if needed .
verifies whether version of cookie satisfies specified matcher .
get the concatenated text content or null .
gets the appropriate value from the container and sets it on the appropriate field of the pojo .
return an iterator over all children of this node that have the specified name . if there are no such children an empty iterator is returned .
return the time of last reset . - 1 if last reset time could not be found
returns common pool queue for an external thread .
creates an edge between current vertex and a target vertex setting label as edge s label . iclassname is the edge s class used if different by label .
view s center and scale according to the cropping rectangle .
check if two numbers are nearly equal with given absolute tolerance .
tests if another hierarchy attribute is strict a sub - category of this one . it is a sub - category if it has the same sequence of path labels as this one as a prefix of its whole path label .
lists all the parsing errors from the most recent parsing in a string .
visits an annotation of a parameter this method .
removes the given object from the given slice
used for testing as it gets the value without updating stats
perform the query and wrap as a result
return a country name in another language .
creates a transform from the plane s reference frame into world s reference frame . the z - axis is set to the plane s normal and the x - axis and y - axis are arbitrarily choosen . points which lie along the plane will lie along its x - y plane .
invoked in prod mode when a server error occurs .
allow users to search the default rc
get an int property .
get the list of dates in this file .
get the bytes of the string in utf - 8 encoded form .
map a new loss report in the aeron directory for a given length .
loads and configure the parsefilters based on the storm config if there is one otherwise returns an emptyparsefilter .
not quite memcmp
finds the first occurrence in an array .
returns a file of either a folder or a containing archive .
updates the status of the rule & stores the status with the auditor .
converts collection value to target collection . each element is converted to target component type .
store configuration from control hub in persistent manner inside data directory . this configuration will be loaded on data collector start and will override any configuration from sdc . properties .
reloads the entire roster from the server . this is an asynchronous operation which means the method will return immediately and the roster will be reloaded at a later point when the server responds to the reload request .
query for rows within the bounding box in the provided projection
return a collection of all output formats installed on this system .
retrieves the ra interface for this entity and the specified ra type
create a default usage parameter getter and setter .
converts the quaternion into a unit quaternion .
creates a new persistent login token with a new series number stores the data in the persistent token repository and adds the corresponding cookie to the response .
pretty prints the current choice point frame for debugging purposes .
read results from region by keys in pageregion
delete the table style mappings
getter for abstractquery - gets the abstract query from which this actual query was generated .
updates single entity .
converts a line segment into a general line .
unlocks and sets runstate to newrunstate .
refresh the lock on this resource with the given lock token . use the specified timeout value .
index all text files under a directory .
write the invcatalogimpl to the outputstream as a invcatalog 1 . 0 document .
generates a simple result with json content .
replace any string out in sb with char in .
adds item to the container . item should be in open state .
read an array of longs
start using stream compression since the server has acknowledged stream compression .
convert an attribute read method name in java format to an attribute name in java format .
get the bitmap for the layer index
converts an absolute path into a relative one .
generate a linearly spaced vector
get the type for the first level of this gridrecord
grant a permission to the resource .
replaces the very first occurrence of a character in a string .
cleans a directory without deleting it .
returns the signed distance a point is from the cylinder s surface . if the point is outside of the cylinder it s distance will be positive . if it is inside it will be negative .
setup cell style .
get or create a transactional entity manager . only call while a transaction is active in the current thread .
write next line as a long .
joins items of a text list separating items by comma .
updates the default values for authentication .
return a jsonfactory if exist else new jsonfactory
helper method to set dpmbaseurl for the first http dpm authentication .
lookups pseudo function for given pseudo function name .
finds a resource locally i . e . in the urls managed by the extended urlclassloader .
creates new parameter with specified key and value .
remove the cached feature row
when invoked by a derived instance sends the given call to the server .
writes n1ql query result rows to the record
here s where to deal with crossing seam
print context s status data with a timestamp higher than the threshold .
return the value of the named flag . if it doesnt exist it will be added to the store and the menu with a value of false .
parse the basic authentication header
maintains a singleton instance of the couchbaseconnector object per pipeline
compress content string
generates a result with file contents .
creates a typeresolverbuilder that performs whitelisting .
add a shared dimension to a group .
retrieve the color for a full codepoint .
launder the throwable
create a new element and add it as the last child
sets the value of the keinebebauung property .
modify content of this structstring . the length of the new string must not exceed the length of internal char array
get line color of line chart from ctlineser .
set the error code for the command .
returns an unmodifiable collection of the roster groups that this entry belongs to .
reads the configuration file and populates a list of rules .
set the default hosts for algolia places .
encodes the given uri query with the given encoding .
override the default naming policy .
looks up an array property value relative to the environment callers class and method . the default environment will be checked for a matching array property if defaults are being used . in order to work out the callers class and method this method throws an exception and then searches one level up its stack frames .
save the images stream to a file
returns the content with all relative urls fixed .
when operation in transactional mode causes any changes since the last commit to be dropped and never made visible to the search method .
backtracks to the continuation label stored in the current choice point frame if there is one . otherwise returns a fail to indicate that there are no more choice points so no backtracking can be done .
associate the array with the given variable .
compute inferred information
formats tape timecode based on frame counter
retrieve the gravatar bytes by email .
write the input file to the output file .
add optional string attribute to a group .
set the geopackage progress
find first non letterordigit position from string .
dumparcs - dump out - arcs in human - readable form
draw a tile bitmap from the x y and zoom level
this method returns databuffer with contant equal to input array .
test by unmarshalling .
get shaping parameters submitted by the browser
this method sets provided number to all elements which match specified condition
return the name of the current context name as found in the logging event .
copies max or less number of bytes to output stream . useful for determining if uploaded file is larger then expected .
getter for deplabel - gets the dependency label of the token with respect to its head .
return an iso - 3 country code from a country name .
sets the value of the furnished property .
normalize a public identifier .
add a new url
return a timestamp string that contains the elapsed time period .
generate a random string with ascii digits .
unbind from the streaming service .
moves a file from one path to another . named after the unix command of the same name .
sets the response s status as http code and reason .
adds one or more facts to the rule .
uploads a new attachment . if there is an existing attachment with the same name a new version will be uploaded .
iterate over all column families that store metrics .
creates a matrix from the set of column vectors . each vector is a column in the new matrix .
extract all a - href contained urls from the given url and return in list
transformation for wildfly 8 . 1 . 0 . final
lookup the list of validators for the current field and initialize them with validation meta - data properties .
package protected for testing purposess
returns getter .
pad the given string with padstring on the left up to the given length .
given a variable name returns the geometry type which that variable is associated with . if the variable has no simple geometry information null will be returned .
before outputting the message inject additional context .
returns the long resulting from reversing 8 bytes at a specified offset in a byte array .
search for all resources for a group with a given name .
gets plugin configuration values . since there can be inner values it returns a map of objects where an object can be a simple type list or another map .
for use by the subclass
provide a simple dump of binary data
log on arbitrary base
inserts the specified element into this heap .
find the urn for a given system identifier .
rebind val to name in ctx and make sure that all intermediate contexts exist
setter for concepttype - sets the type of this concept .
animate to the large view
set the list of stations .
convert the stored date - string from database back to date
map the cnc file if it exists .
checks whether it can provide the resource
build command list from comments . after transfer the comment to command remove it from comments .
return an iteration over the elements in the set .
shutdown the media driver by stopping all threads and freeing resources .
check if the frame size exceeds the allowed limit
get the pointforecast that matches the given time .
calculate distance between sequential bins in a ray
returns whether file2 can replace file1 as the install map jar .
return true if the current ts must be inserted instead of being mapped to the tsatinsertpoint
remove a bound property listener .
computes the point on the ellipse at location t where t is an angle in radians
print the matrix values .
builds new transaction instance .
specifies the throttling rate in operations per second .
puts an object in cache data
set current value - no event
obtains the configuration attributes explicitly defined against this bean .
write the xml representation to a string .
retrieve the coordinatetransform with the specified name .
compareandset right field
returns property name for specified column name .
sets the value of the art property .
send a custom jsonobject user message to all peers .
enables xhtml mode .
gets a columns attribute if possible without overflowing the underlying array .
sets the value of the bebaubarattr property .
adds a unit to the database by name .
emit an informational message to standard out
is a media driver active in the current mapped cnc buffer? if the driver is mid start then it will wait for up to the drivertimeoutms by checking for the cncversion being set .
remove a principal from this authorizable .
stop the server .
set the ending date . makes useend true . if usestart recalculate the duration else recalculate start .
sends the complete http response in one call specifying a stream as content .
get the result of an object path expression as a double .
set the number of lines to skip before the header row starts
reads a struct from the underlying protocol and passes the field events to the fieldconsumer
set the number of colors in the colorscale .
return a synchronized stop watch .
when operating in transactional mode causes any changes since the last commit to be made visible to the search method .
checks if the specified key can be found in the set and returns its entry if so .
sets the model directories to parse . if no list exists internally it will be created if necessary .
parse the given string into date object .
get the common parent of this and the other group . cant fail since the root group is always a parent of any 2 groups .
returns the registered servers .
create a map of keycolumn - value to lookup in cache .
binds the given member in this collection to the resource identified by the given source locator . if the member already exists or is already bound to a resource it is not replaced .
poll all of the objects one at a time .
gets the width style .
register all instance post - processors .
returns values from a csv string .
blank fill sbuff with blanks until position tabstop .
converts an object to jsonnode .
adds an argument to the template . if the list of arguments does not exist it will be created .
converts a value in this unit to the equivalent value in the convertible derived unit .
create a stream if it does not already exist .
converts a java array to scala seq .
convert unsigned bytes into an integer .
get the array of per - ray altitudes . if we do not have per - ray position information null is returned .
finds and marks all functors within the clause that are considered to be top - level .
cell compare to .
return pie chart title from chartdata .
adds the ability to return the available playlists on request .
evaluate all of the clauses in the clause vector .
validate an xml document against an xml schema document .
adds an iterator to this composite .
this method build
asks the player for more information about the specified playlist and creates a playerrequest with the answer .
transform the obj reference bound into the jndi namespace into the actual non - serializable object .
get the feature row for the current place in the cursor
matching logic for constructors annotated with assistedinject . this returns true if and only if all
checks to see if the two vectors are identical to within tolerance . each axis is checked individually .
an integer input field with an associated cdm . units label .
getter for rank - gets rank of this result in the original hit - list .
wait the publication of a task on the server . all server task are asynchronous and you can check with this method that the task is published .
a non - blocking method for stopping the remote server that allows requests to complete within the given timeout before shutting down the server . new connections will not be accepted after calling this .
convert the comma separated list of roles as objects .
infer the order for the ndarray based on the array s strides
removes all loggers under certain branch .
sets the numeric id field
evaluate the given inputs based on the current graph
specify the default charset for query parameters
sets the next polygon which make up the multipolygon which this polygon is a part of . if next is a cfpolygon automatically connects the other polygon to this polygon as well .
configures logback with the first configuration found in the following search path . if no configuration found nothing is done and logging is disabled .
create a directory within the temporary folder root .
set session attributes .
get a reference date
return the value associated with an mdc entry designated by the key property . if that value is null then return the value assigned to the defaultvalue property .
creates a new folder in the current directory with the name create_directory_name .
setter for variants - sets list of candidate answer variants that were merged into this final answer .
returns the min value using a natural sort .
sends correct headers to require basic authentication for the given realm .
make a key from the aggregator fields
indicates if the request is elgible to process a service ticket . this method exists for readability .
gets the value of the distanzensport property .
add an enumeration
find the last modification timestamp of all channels
returns the item specified by the given index .
creates an inputsource with a systemid corresponding to a local dtd file .
sends a signed object and returns its id .
closes this input stream and releases any system resources associated with the stream ; closes the method also .
compute and return x^power .
unescapes a string using java rules .
read an ncml file from a url location and construct a ncmlcollectionreader from its scan or scanfmrc element .
add a connection
creates the dynamic columns .
gets the current settings of the classifier .
create a default jpa configuration with the given name and unit name .
lock this resource using the specified parameters .
returns a new persistenttreemap of the given comparable keys and their paired values skipping any null entries .
builds advice method name .
returns the execution mode if synchronous .
writes a enum array if not empty .
set the pixel value into the image
selected datacursor api overrides
performs an optimization pass for specialized instructions .
sets this date from a milliseconds timestamp .
read some text from behind the cursor position . this provides context to both filter what is shown based on what the user has typed in and also to provide more information for the list of suggestions based on context .
removing an sbb entity from a child relation initiates a cascading removal of the sbb entity tree rooted by the sbb entity similar to invoking the remove method on an sbb local object that represents the sbb entity .
updates the decimal spinner field .
sets the value of the stellplaetze property .
wrtie the object to the output stream
creates an index on this property . indexes speed up queries but slow down insert and update operations . for massive inserts we suggest to remove the index make the massive insert and recreate it .
in place addition of two matrices
processes a packet after it s been fully parsed by looping through the installed packet collectors and listeners and letting them examine the packet to see if they are a match with the filter .
generate json by given inputstream and given filter .
specifies if jsonpath should use floats and doubles or bigdecimals to represent json numbers .
retrieves coded size of this video track .
callback hook for connection close events .
get member data of type array of structure .
add a domain object to the batch of sips .
gets the value of the content property .
check whether the given artifact is a spring boot uber jar
set the port for this uri . - 1 is used to indicate that the port is not specified otherwise valid port numbers are between 0 and 65535 . if a valid port number is passed in and the host field is null an exception is thrown .
get an array containing the names of the keywords that the library implements .
test by marshalling .
get resource file as stream .
parse fields as csv string
configures logback with the configuraiton xml read from an input stream and then closes the stream
escapes html special characters present in the string .
get current bounds
set the module loader . overrides the default or any previously configured values .
supports resolving host network lookup issues
compute the arctangent of x to a given scale by the taylor series |x| < 1
delivers a message directly to this chat which will add the message to the collector and deliver it to all listeners registered with the chat . this is used by the connection class to deliver messages without a thread id .
request a database sends a list of uuids .
pad a length of the term buffer with a padding record .
throws an exception for expected byte .
gets rid of null characters lurking in the string
logs an error applying some json to kubernetes and optionally throws an exception
returns the form errors serialized as json using the given lang .
this method does allocation from a given workspace
returns the owner server for the given cluster excluding the passed node . the owner server is the first in server list .
initializes and starts web application .
write the bytes to byte array .
creates a new namingserver and sets the naming context to use the naming server .
opens new folder and closes previously opened folder .
buffer both the inputstream and the reader
and over the whole ndarray given some condition
get the tile matrix for the zoom level as defined by the area of the request
create a reader builder for com . helger . genericode . v04 . columnsetdocument .
find the messagetype that matches this name .
indexes a value and save the index . splits the value in single words and index each one . save of the index is responsibility of the caller .
run a compaction cycle will produce a data state with exactly the same data as currently but reorganized so that ordinal holes are filled . this may need to be run multiple times to arrive at an optimal state .
add a result handler
escape selected characters in a string using xml entities
compress multiple occurrences of given char into one appearance .
transition to the next state given the name of a valid transition .
work around for dialog not to dismiss on back button press .
parse an iiif image api compliant region request string
returns a module which creates bindings methods in the module that match the scanner .
a method which should be invoked on each new resource processing having as a side effect an increment of the counter holding the number of total processed resources .
sets the value of the hallentyp property .
register the cursor wrapper into the geopackage
given a coordinate interval find what grid element matches it .
query for rows within the geometry envelope
writes serializable object to a file . existing file will be overwritten .
workaround for htmleditorkit . parser cant deal with content - encoding
parse this url formatted string into properties .
returns instance map from http request .
load the given library into the given application .
this code tweaks our catalog output to match .
add an outgoing edge ending at to .
reset the values .
easy null - safe conversion of the raw key .
return the version number of the kie workbench that is installed on the given server . if the server is not running or not responsive use a value from the preference store .
write an array of doubles
base dir for the webapp . used to generate class names and resolve includes
returns string property from a map .
validate row in current page .
remove the given invmetadata from the set of metadata local to this dataset .
compares this object with the specified object for order providing a negative integer zero or a positive integer as this symbols priority is less than equal to or greater than the comparator . if this symbol is less than another that means that it has a lower priority value which means that it binds more tightly .
generate dependency from a jar file name .
adds all templates to the list . if the list does not exist it will be created .
replaces every subsequence of the input sequence that matches the pattern with the given replacement string .
does the work of getting the path .
get java char array for a member of type char .
sets the seconds component of the timestamp returning the new timestamp with updated component .
return the current stack frame context or a valid stack frame for the given value .
serialize to xml string
get the table description from the showtableresponse
clone existing comments into new cell comment .
checks if connection provider can return a connection .
returns the current played track or null
returns an alonghashmap initialized from separate keys and values collections . both collections are iterated exactly once and are expected to have the same size .
this is the work horse . it does all of the sorting work for the simple cases . nulls are last by default .
query for feature index results within the bounding box in the provided projection
generates = equals
retrieve the time the bytecode for a class was created
creates binary search wrapper over a list of comparable elements .
check if annotated result permissions contains all values from annotated array . then it also check if any permission in annotated method value array is denied .
compute standard strides based on array s shape . ignore vlen
adds a new constant_class_info constant_string_info constant_methodtype_info constant_module_info or constant_package_info to the constant pool of this symbol table .
create a new flow step exit rule .
helper function to add beliefs about neighbours .
this will authenticate username using the system database .
prints stack trace into a string .
dumps all row vertices to system . err
remove all instances of object from the cache
get the id of the passed column element .
is conversion needed?
schedule timeout task reseting timeout period if given timeout task is already pending .
set the projection change the map area to the projection s default .
allows test cases to override where application context obtained from .
provides an iterator over the child terms if there are any . only functors and clauses are compound and build across a list of child arguments .
the wrapper structuremembers must be converted to correspond to the wrapper structure
sets the path prefix url for . xsd resources
parses class name that matches madvoc - related names .
retrieve the setter on the pojo class ; default is to is set plus upper case first character of the field name .
generate json by given map&lt ; string object&gt ;
sets the value of the externalid property .
extracts the accesstoken from cookies
create name for a wind symbol .
sets whether this propfind is in the all prop form .
check whether to keep the monitoring thread alive i . e . whether there are still entries being tracked .
launch a sync only if the data is obsolete . the data is obsolete if the last successful sync is older than the delay between syncs or if the data selection queries have been changed in the meantime .
calculates text color for specified item based on its position and state .
return the size of the scaled image or zero if there is none
reads the inputstream as utf - 8
updates the default values for access .
sets the cookie name and checks for validity .
extract text content from the given url and return in string
the method will tokenize the text and try to find the node that matches and return the children . the method will traverse down the network as far as it can and return the children at that level .
creates the functions mappers for all el expressions in the jsp page .
fetch all the data from a temporary table for the compression job . using tokenranges avoids fetching first all the metrics partition keys and then requesting them .
returns the resource version for the entity or null if it does not have one
returns the first matching custom interval
creates new authentication constraint and associates it with security constraint meta data .
find the closest marked cell to the given point
read a properties file with the utf - 8 encoding
adds object instance to the container as singleton bean .
divides this unit by another unit .
converts timevalue to frame number based on timecode track
sets the value of the lager property .
combine many hash codes with an associative commutative hash function . associativity ensures that the result of this functions can be further combined with other hash codes for getting the same result as if all hash codes had been combined in one step .
resolves active profiles from special property . this property can be only a base property! if default active property is not defined nothing happens . otherwise it will replace currently active profiles .
requests change notifications of feed type normal .
getter for originaltext - gets the lexical string in the question .
get the next token .
this method is called upon plug - in activation
moves to the next byte checks that there is enough available space and possibly normalizes the hash tables and the hash chain .
find the longest dataroot match .
convert a string to a metakey if possible
returns an ahashmap instance with a given equalityforequals initializing it from separate keys and values collections . both collections are iterated exactly once and are expected to have the same size .
oneway invocation .
write the start to the specified output stream .
stop reconnect thread
include page which path is relative to the current http request .
generates a sequence of spaces to indent debugging output with .
add a boolean field as a checkbox .
returns the currently contained disposable or null if this container is empty .
asserts if the current object has a ref attribute while being a direct child of the top level xsdschema element which isn t allowed throwing an exception in that case .
computes the display string for any value .
get list of dimensions including parents if any .
returns path value .
inserts a given element into the given slice
inclusion is an or
use a factory so we can debug constructor calls
starts dct reconstruction
write the end of the header to the output stream .
returns true if the given transaction specification was expliitly specified at a method level returns false if it was inherited from the default
checks whether a notification is required and notifies as appropriate
setter for querystring - sets the query string associated with the hit .
stop updates .
open all nodes of the tree .
implementation of the prod - script goal .
for netcdf3 only take all unlimited variables and make them into a structure .
defines many parameters at once .
make a section of an arraystructurebb
log a message for a canonical event at the debug level . default values are used for all other parameters .
defines download file name and mime type from the name extension .
compares the content of the temporary file with the possibly existing target file . if both are equal the temporary file is deleted . otherwise the old target file is deleted and the new generated file is renamed . this prevents time stamp changes for the target file if nothing changed since the last generation .
get internal field from the metadata record .
add a text field .
writes an int using the requested number of bits . accepts only values less than 2^bitwidth
given the information on construction writes the necessary exception information .
enables or disabled buttons based on the allow http header .
create properties from the file .
adds a unique unit to a map ..
set the file subtype .
query for feature result count in the x y and zoom
get the service name of an environment entry
returns stack specific transport class name .
adds call to this profile .
get avro schema from metadata record .
use form authentication with the supplied configuration .
counts the number of directories in a given path .
sets new bean instance .
removes the object at the top of this stack and returns that object as the value of this function .
add an attribute to this projection
stop a replay session .
gets the jbosswebmetadata from the warmetadata attached to the provided deployment unit if any .
gets the appropriately modified timestamep for the uuid . must be called from a synchronized block .
a timertask is less than another if it will be scheduled before .
create the sample rule launcher file .
calculate the bearing between the 2 points . see calculatebearing below .
upgrade whole stage configuration including all services if needed .
gets the value of the objektartzusatz property .
reads path content .
create the geometry metadata or update if it already exists
return the header from a message send to the server .
removes later duplicated references in an array . returns new instance of beanreferences if there was changes otherwise returns the same instance .
this method requests to change state to tick .
creates a new musicplayererror
parse the remote address of the channel .
create a reader builder for com . helger . genericode . v04 . codelistdocument .
search for dimension used by axis of given by type .
returns the argument by position
we need to make sure the parentsession is the transactionless session not the session for our transaction . this gives proper transaction isolation .
set the http client factory that rest assured should use when making request . for each request rest assured will invoke the factory to get the a the httpclient instance .
builds the chart series in list .
converts symmetric 3x3 matrix back into a conic .
returns the package name of the object s class .
configure the certificateauthsettings to allow all host names .
setter for occurrences - sets the occurrences of this variant .
walk all the included declarations and accumulate the set of referenced groups
determines whether dataset contains any collections schema
add a char to a string
flatten the entire record to one giant map
get member data of type long .
checks for existence of the requested stream and adds any configuration issues to the list .
gets the id of the intention selection pool to which the given agent belongs .
lays out the specified container .
updates the register file with a new set of registers .
increments the current source offset s startat portion by the specified amount . this is the number of records parsed when paging by_offset or 1 if incrementing by_page .
creates taskattemptcontext from a jobconf and jobid using the correct constructor for based on hadoop version .
put content to a url using http put . handles one level of 302 redirection .
index command range .
return the sin value of the given complex number
returns a list of model resources to parse .
adds a base class to the current one . it adds also the base class cluster ids to the polymorphic cluster ids array .
get a table metadata or create if it does not exist
publish the webapp for the ws deployment unit
matches the given node s name and local name against the given desired name .
add dependencies for modules required for manged bean deployments if managed bean configurations are attached to the deployment .
compute the sieve of eratosthenes .
write stationcollection xml document
sets up the stack of column printers .
read the plugin properties file if specified on the command line or if it exists on the class path .
in case readclass already reads full minbin value
get metric value for given rule evaluation .
sets the system property to a class when the class is available .
returns true if in offline mode false if not speciied . can be overriden by
getter for operator - gets the operator associated with this concept .
get the next byte
set the offset within a term at which a publication will start . this when combined with the term id can establish a starting position .
search the graph for cycles . in order to detect cycles we use a modified depth first search called a colored dfs . all nodes are initially marked white . when a node is encountered it is marked grey and when its descendants are completely visited it is marked black . if a grey node is ever encountered then there is a cycle .
reads an int in little endian at the given position
setter for originaltext - sets the lexical string in the question .
starts the tag with the index of first < . resets all tag data .
create new array with given indeximpl and the same backing store
finalizes dct calculation
print out notes
register a subclass translator with this class translator . that way if we get called upon to translate an instance of the subclass we will forward to the correct translator .
fetches meta data such as links from the server .
appends other buffer to this one .
register instance processor . only a single instance per processor class is allowed .
basic tomap to create an object into a map .
gets the value of the status property .
get the value of the byte at the specified index .
accept grib2 or ncx files
we should clear it
method to merge this statistics object with the object passed as parameter . merging keeps the smallest of min values largest of max values and combines the number of null counts .
kept for backward compatibility with runtime stats to be removed in future
parses a variable in first order logic . variables are scoped within the current sentence being parsed so if the variable has been seen previously in the sentence it is returned rather than a new one being created .
maps a scalar value into an observable and emits its values .
for each column get the model index
sets a row attribute adding padding to the underlying array as necessary to ensure it is large enough to hold the attribute at the requested position .
renders tag body to char array .
determines if all proxies in the model are resolved .
get a list of all the nested datasets .
visit an implementation of a service .
collect a jdr report .
executes the outbound sqs operation .
compresses a file into zlib archive .
get the feature row for the geometry metadata
get the result of an object path expression as an int .
a convience method that simplifies the process of rebinding a non - zerializable object into a jndi context . this version binds the target object into the default intitialcontext using name path .
close the current thread s connection
get a style dao
create an add operation that can check that there is no other sibling when the resource is added .
create a new administrator user for fluid . this function only works if there are no pre - existing admin user .
change package name for dataparserexception .
returns the edge id assuring to save it if it s transient yet .
uses the callbindnewcontext convenience function to create a new context . throws an invalid name exception if the name is empty .
be used directly . use droolsmodelbuilder instead .
returns current stack trace in form of array of stack trace elements . first stack trace element is removed . since an exception is thrown internally this method is slow .
pops the first object placed on the stack off of it and returns it .
xxx on 2 . 3 we get np exception in case of https connection and cache
setter for beginsection - sets the start section of this passage within the document that contains this passage .
converts single string array to an array of bean references .
iterates on all factories and append all index engines .
get the length of a match at the given distance and forward offset .
write an int type with header
remove the given writer from the memory manager .
adds a constant_methodref_info or constant_interfacemethodref_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
set the long name and units for the calibration type
it s possible that the extension is already present . in that case this method does nothing .
compute the square root of x to a given scale x &ge ; 0 . use newton s algorithm .
remove all occurrences of the substring sub in the string s .
reads a json value from the given string .
needs to support chars past u + ffff
registers a packet listener with this connection . a packet listener will be invoked only when an incoming packet is received . a packet filter determines which packets will be delivered to the listener . if the same packet listener is added again with a different filter only the new filter will be used .
strips all variables which are not required by any of the given action descriptors . if no action descriptors are given nothing will be stripped .
bootstrapping the driver which starts a emr job on cluster
get the default entitymanager for this thread .
get the stop position of a recording .
find the coordinateaxis that has the given axistype . if more than one return the one with lesser rank .
puts two bytes and a short into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
handles ol and ul end tags
get the geopackage metadata
backslash escape a string
refresh cached cells in row .
prepare to query the given object .
add all values of a map to another map but onlfy if not already existing .
sets a property value .
updates the ra entity config properties
the new slab is guaranteed to be at least minimumsize
get a frame with a specific opcode
true if rule matches a violation and should be whitelisted .
set a http client parameter .
for a jmx mbean idenfitied by an objectname copy the values of the given attributes into the target object using the specified setter methods mapped by attribute name .
attempts to parse jspattributeandbody production . returns true if it matched or false if not . assumes emptybody is okay as well .
this methods create a pool for connecting to a locator
create a http basic authentication scheme .
set a shared data item for the aci
show dialog fragment to show dialogs before asking permission . or you can set to show dialogs only when user denied permission earlier .
creates a new date range type with the specified name if it does not already exist .
this method is invoked by parent logger to let this logger know that the prent s levelint changed .
copies single property to the destination . exceptions are ignored so copying continues if destination does not have some of the sources properties .
convert a square matrix into an identity matrix .
searching for the next tag in a file after corrupt segment
returns begin position and length for each value in embedded collection
set the header config
deletes the form container provided . id must be set on the form container .
modifies context root .
get the names of the members .
gets the upper bounding box coordinate on the line .
strips leading char if string starts with one .
print data from a dsp - optionally constrained
add default filters to apply to each request .
removes the node map entry .
returns a writer .
determines if they are equivalent up to a scale factor
convert a short to an array of 2 bytes .
write the catalog as an xml document to the specified filename .
commit the position reached in a leadership term before a clean shutdown .
this method reads properties file to load custom mapping between kinds and filenames .
generate json by given map&lt ; string string&gt ; and given filter
decode a publicid urn into a public identifier .
creates a new time range type with the specified name if it does not already exist .
schedules a new timeout .
writes the entire contents of the specified input stream to this byte stream . bytes from the input stream are read directly into the internal buffers of this streams .
return new polyjdbc instance .
gets the value of the valuelist property .
remove first element of list or null if list is empty
reads the next row .
finds the first main line in the chunk from the specified index position onwards
blocks until all agents have finished executing plans and have gone idle .
solve ux = y for x by back substitution .
do we think this is a m3io file .
prepares response for various provided data .
iterates all targets and for each target iterates all out injection points of given scope .
get a gif file make it into a cursor .
append bits from bit string . the bit string is the array of string that contains 8 characters which is 0 or 1 .
according to the primary key and entity determine whether for the new entity .
retrieve the gravatar bytes for fluid user .
called by setproperty to update the jndimap cache values .
reference time is the start time of the first forecast other forecasts at 6 - hour intervals . number in ave = number of forecast used
checks whether the number of partition columns and names match w . r . t hive .
analyzes a query filter for a possible indexation options . the results are sorted by amount of fields . so the most specific items go first .
determines if profile is in back end storage == visible to other compoenents than mbean if null is passed as argumetn it must check for any other than defualt?
creates a dn from a group name .
returns a mutablevector of the given items . this data definition method is one of the few methods in this project that support varargs .
init netty write buffer water mark
get the cached geopackage or open and cache the geopackage
public wrapper for the iteration
only use in gribvariable to decide on variable identity when intvmerge = false . by returning a constant we dont intvmerge = false . problem is we cant reconstruct interval length without reference time which is not in the pds .
controls whether a save button is shown and fields are editable .
dumps a database table to a csv file in the default location . returns the number of rows written to the file .
parse an attribute spec
checks if locator is recently inserted in the batch layer
closes item related to passed in key . item will be closed if it exists and is not acquired .
this method is used to clear the given map . to do this you need to implement a biconsumer that calls the specific method to remove a listener from an observable .
help register single - interest user processor .
given date convert this instance to a regular expression .
tries to modify movie header in place according to what s implemented in the edit the file gets pysically modified if the operation is successful . no temporary file is created .
builds page sql using limit keyword after the select .
if passed a valid fileoffsetstring it will return what is the offset lag in the file .
remove task and remove all connections
puts the text to the left and pads with spaces until the size is reached .
factory method which takes care of redundant decoration .
creates a collection with single element .
add entry to internal map of tracked entries . internal monitoring thread is started if not already running .
finds the offset of the specified column from the grid origin .
normalizes the point such that the frobenius norm is 1 .
guess the value of zispositive based on z axis name and units
appends bytes . append = true
sets the cli option .
returns the template directory .
fetch a sunrise from the met api based on a given longitude latitude and date range .
grow the key array . all of the values in the current array must be re - hashed and added to the new array .
the listener will always be called when the properties - file changes .
creates a class with the desired name and linked to the mentioned interfaces .
converts a java list to scala seq .
handle retry for amazon quotas
sets environment variable .
remove any records from the given selection which are referenced by other records not in the selection .
look up global attribute by name ignore case .
generate json by given map&lt ; string string&gt ;
print usage information .
query for feature result count in the bounding box
todo move to bufferresponsewrapper ?
split string by a list of delimiters but none are empty within a range
place this filter into service .
create a key from a registered pojo entity .
custom deserialization for java serialization
create an new route field value .
increments the counter and registers a listener to decrement the counter upon exchange complete event .
a dedicated thread loop for reading the stream and sending incoming packets to the appropriate router .
sets the list of goals for this agent .
returns true if the inject annotation is on the constructor .
shuffles the playlist and returns the shuffled playlist so the original stays intact . only the part of the playlist after the current position is shuffled .
parses the venmo configuration from json .
multiply two integer values a and b modulo m .
computes the rendered dimensions of the text grid model on screen . used for sizing this component .
add a dimension as mandatory . mandatory dimension names are stored in upper case .
stores the current request provided the configuration properties allow it .
selects nodes using css3 selector query .
parses the http response text from a request into sdc records
resize the underlying storage to a multiple of what it currently is . this method is not thread - safe .
set freemarker variable .
for all pushsource callbacks we have to make sure that we get back to a security context of sdc container module otherwise we won t be able to update state files with new offsets and other stuff .
write out a single or array sequence instance
set the anchor point .
internal only .
public so can be called from grib2
repairs the security structure if broken by creating the admin role and user with default password .
set the target object on which to call the target method . only necessary when the target method is not static ; else a target class is sufficient .
is this a global coverage over longitude ?
draws all the features that are within the graphics clip rectangle using the previously set displayprojection .
registers additional consumers .
checks to see if the homogenous 3d point lies on the plane at infinity
visits a parameter of this method .
compute the number of milliseconds between the next valid date and the one after .
collect device information for fraud identification purposes from paypal only .
get the pointer to the data . taken from dm_rdtr
given a backslash escaped name convert to a dap escaped name
start restore data context .
processes an single event by looping available plugins .
checks if the underlying file for this connection exists .
is the string of member endpoints not duplicated in the members .
get the muxerstream at the given position .
recursive menu adding
sets the content type and enables or disables buffering .
if no task cached create one and initialize the connections .
gets request parameter name of this action input parameter .
execute the command remotely and get the results back .
returns specified bundle . invoked every time if cache is disabled . input arguments are always valid .
returns string bytes using jodds default encoding .
parse attributes for a reader provided for external use
read packed grib2 data
creates a new message with the given cause and a binding source stack .
shut down a given member by its name
termiantes the jill engine .
gets list of jaxws pojos meta data .
given a dap variable get the path from the top - level variable to and including the given variable such that all but the last element is a structure .
get a connection to the speaker if available .
called on end of parsing .
verifies if there at least one name bound to the ac
get the cell spacing . an exception is thrown if the cell spacing is not constant .
selects nodes using css3 selector query and returns the very first one .
load configuration document from file .
cleans the image url by trimming result and removing \\\\ or \\\\ characters if such exists .
stops and records results of timer which counts how much time was spent on fuzzy checkpoint operation .
get a grib1paramtables object optionally specifying a parameter table or lookup table specific to this dataset .
adds a new constant_fieldref_info constant_methodref_info or constant_interfacemethodref_info to the constant pool of this symbol table .
initiates the notification info for usage mbeans
specifies the throttling rate in operations per second . this must be called with with a value the inverse of which is a measurement in nano seconds such that the number of nano seconds do not overflow a long integer . the value must also be larger than zero .
checks that a string is a datetime in the format specified by datetimeformat .
starts up the batch writer .
fill the key buffer .
retrieves all user information .
gets the timer map loading from the persistent store if necessary . should be called under lock
macro to get the content of an optional child element .
pad the given string with padstring on the right up to the given length .
indexed setter for candidateanswers - sets an indexed value - candidateanswervariants generated from this searchresult .
method that returns all metadata for a given locator as a map .
test if a set of slices represent a contiguous region this is equivalent to saying all strides are one
sends an html document to the client explaining that they have used a poorly formed url and then the help page ...
resolves ip address from a hostname .
use the short class name as the default for the service name .
does data type conversions in preparation for encryption .
get the station list
parse the remote host ip of the channel .
write a file directory .
open this file .
get the uri as a string specification . see rfc 2396 section 5 . 2 .
convert two short into a integer
extract the boolean array of data for a field by name .
returns an unqualified version of the given file path .
sets the value of the ccemail property .
returns the first non empty value found for the keys or null if none found .
returns a map where the default converter map is merged with the map contained in the context .
select a preferred language given the list of candidates .
inserts a single node or a circular doubly linked list of nodes into a list next to the specified node . i does not matter if the specified nodes are singletons or part of a chain as they will be correctly linked in in either case so long as their prev and next references form a loop with themselves .
set the encoder config
print the part information
peeks and consumes the next interactive system directive .
query for all feature index results
create a new string by padding the existing one with blanks to specified width . do nothing if length is already greater or equal to width .
it returns a odocument starting from a json file .
convert char array to byte array assuming utf - 8 encoding
return a variable of all 1s with the same shape as the input
get attribute key in map by cell .
read the data for each variable passed in
add a password text field .
provide a helper function to convert an offset to a slice list .
creates a new instance of cachevalue the cache capacity should be used for the given file .
returns an instance of the protocol to use for a given url
creates an identical jobdetail instance from the given parameters .
creates a vertical grip - able bar for adjusting the right panel width .
serialize the invmetadata content object to a org . w3c . dom . element
jdk 1 . 7
flushes all buffered pages and truncates file till passed in page index
return a catalog for the given directory .
create a writer builder for com . helger . genericode . v04 . columnsetdocument .
returns the namespace uri for the namespace to which the element belongs .
make a gradstimestruct from the calendar state
returns the first index defined for the property .
add a method signature to the interface . the method modifiers are ignored since interface methods are by definition abstract and public .
returns the next position available .
get the pixel value as a float from the image and the coordinate
find bean in context .
this factory method creates a graph with the given nodes and edges . it expressly allows nodes that have no edges attached to them .
this method is used to parse a string such as 5 . 7 5 . 7 or - 5 . 7 into a formatinfo .
parses the next word . if no word is found or the parsed word is not present in the word array received as parameter then a syntaxerror exception with the custom message received as parameter is thrown . it returns the word parsed if any .
finds the closest point on the plane to the origin .
used internally to avoid loss and rounding errors a bit .
syntax sugar .
find the longest match .
implementation of the script goal .
returns this response s status .
returns an type that s appropriate for use in a key .
formats a double number and adds padding to the left .
clears all of the cached reflection information normally used to improve the speed of expressions that operate on the same classes or are executed multiple times .
setter for rank - sets rank of this result in the original hit - list .
create a new table record .
stop the task
find the longest path match .
parse css find all defined variables & replace them .
returns true if this is a gridded dataset that is accessible via wms .
reads the value into the binding .
parses the lock keyword if found .
indicates a service was activated the entity will forward this notification to the ra object .
returns the euclidean distance of the closest point on the quadrilateral to the provided point .
add a enumtypedef to the file . must be in define mode .
make a structure into a group if its scalar and all parents are groups
converts to milliseconds .
sets the values in the specified matrix to a rotation matrix about the x - axis .
invoked when a handler or resource is not found .
struct is assumed to contain valid structoruniontype metadata when used with this method . this method may throw if structoruniontype is unknown .
define the definitive opendap identifier unescape function .
defines filter for to field .
used to flatten results from multiple servers
tests if current expression is an indexed function and that function can be used on this target
create a subset of this verticaltransform .
fetch textforecasts and warnings for a geographical point or area in norwegian .
deregisters jmx bean for current manager .
converts latitude and longitude coordinates into a unit vector
build the data from the incoming serial data note that some dsp s will not use
close the sql connection .
finds the last table in stack of open elements .
add a directory scan to the collection
adds the specified name to the set of names bound to the ac
different status objects lying on the same cycle
find byte index separating header from body . it must be the last byte of the first two sequential new lines .
retrieves avro schema from given header . throws an exception if the header is missing or is empty .
create a recovery plan for the cluster that when the steps are replayed will bring the cluster back to the latest stable state .
get the recording id of the snapshot for a service .
log a message at the info level . default values are used for all other parameters .
bring the receiver under version control . this means that the receiver is replaced by a version - controlled resource . note that the client may send version control to a resource that is already under version control with no adverse effects .
a string representation of the time coordinate whether its an interval or not .
get scalar member data of type byte .
collapse continuous whitespace into one single .
get formulaevaluator .
reset document locator supplying systemid and publicid .
throws fstbuffertoosmallexcpetion in case object does not fit into given range
test the phone number from which the city is using taobao api
adds a merged type in the type table of this symbol table . does nothing if the type table already contains a similar type .
join two string together to form proper path without trailing slash
creates a token source on an input stream .
find a station by name
change the type . it checks for compatibility between the change of type .
generates the file name string for an owner and book name .
delete temporary parquet file
find out if property is included by searching through all annotations .
reads a key - value pair
retrieve the relevant caller data adjusted for steno logger wrapping .
seeks to the beginning of the given xz block .
is this a verticalcoordinate .
log a message at the warn level . default values are used for all other parameters .
this procedure does the actual recursive clone .
reads the content of the file to a string .
set the media for this channel . valid values are udp and ipc .
gets the chart id from parent .
check basic dmsp file validity of given random access file .
dispatch the given action . dispatching is always done on the javafx application thread even if this method is called from another thread .
unpacks the compressed character translation table .
dump this request context state to error logger . if this instance is not attached this method is nop .
set the object mapper config .
substitute sub - strings inside of a string .
pretty prints the current environment frame for debugging purposes .
returns seq of block headers
decode and validate the jwt from its compact claims representation format
post - process the pull results allowing the user to deal with uncommitted changes and re - pull if the initial pull failed because of these changes
returns buffered writer . buffer will be created if not already used .
formats an object in a user friendly way .
use index to order documents by provided fields .
create the equivalent value from this base unit and the given date . inverse of makedate .
indicates whether or not this operation expects to include default values .
add default filters that will be applied to each request .
creates a signed setscript object .
attributes are not allowed on some node types
builds a generic configuration - xml interpreter
replaces slashes with hyphens and removes padding =
create a tableanalyser for this dataset with the given tableconfigurer
create an instance of the sldmanager .
return null if the resolved attribute is not defined
appends the necessary amount of spaces to the string until it has the givn length . no exception is thrown if the length of the string is shorter than the given length but nothing will happen and a message will be printed to the system . out .
sets cookies to the request .
add a direct super - class node . this method is not thread safe .
unwire a state from the nfa .
append default servers to the end of given list and set as iceservers instance variable
calcalates the log base 10 of an integer . this produces results faster for longer numbers .
returns true if the database is sharded across servers . false if it s completely replicated .
return the subnodes of a node with non - element nodes suppressed
closes all the databases .
eagerly loads all the data into memory
do we have the named axis?
checks whether the resourcecontainer can provide at least one resource
gets the validation handler .
encodes the string str into a sequence of bytes using the character set specified in charset storing the result into a new byte array .
fetch a sunrise from the met api based on a given longitude latitude and date .
parses statements and print the parse tree to the console for quick interactive testing of the parser .
converts a string of hexadecimal characters into a byte array .
creates destination subclass header from current target class . destination name is created from targets by adding a suffix and optionally a number . destination extends the target .
distance between a plane and a point . a signed distance is returned where a positive value is returned if the point is on the same side of the plane as the normal and the opposite if it s on the other .
convert an errorresponse to the equivalent dapexception .
string representation of variable and its attributes .
helper method to create batch from list of aggregates for cases when list of aggregates is higher then batchlimit
returns the persistent class for type itypename as orientvertextype instance .
sets the value of the gastgewtyp property .
parses a single functor in first order logic with its arguments .
search the outgoing edges for a match to e .
forcefully delete an existing flow .
returns a new empty persistenttreemap that will use the specified comparator .
gets a list of echo messages of the current return values .
ensure that a not null pool will be created .
make sure that the current root directory exists .
calculate utc time . this gets called every 20 mili - seconds or so .
parses the pattern and creates the converter linked list .
parses a response from the braintree gateway for a list of payment method nonces .
returns up to length bytes starting at offset in the underlying buffer we re managing .
print array to printwriter
adds a constant_integer_info or constant_float_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
store digest for all resources contained inside the list of provided groups .
setter for types - sets a list of concept types that the concept belongs to .
initialize field from named context parameter .
set the proper content length for the string
set the styles for the feature row
reads the configuration from the file .
get the latitude values for the given type .
saves the internal secretkey to the specified outputstream as a base64 string .
returns the corresponding quantity dimension .
adjust the tile matrix set and bounds
compares property name to the rules .
create a new decimal slider field .
serialize an object to byte array .
look for a group with the given name . recurse into subgroups if needed . breadth first
parse a text representation of a json data structure
mark component identified by key as having reached its end - of - life .
method to validate the polymer id in the simple polymer section the id can be peptide rna chem or blob
removes the mapping for the specified key from this map if present .
handler for deleting the element .
parse an xml catalog file .
encode a public identifier as a publicid urn .
defines exclude patterns .
in the wfs specification for getfeature each feature type is its own member and so writemembers add each member to the fileoutput
extracts the bundle symbolic name from the jar manifest .
pushes the given abstract type on the output frame stack .
get the conversion factor of the other calendarperiod to this one
configures oauth 2 . 0 resource server support .
check last column . if it s blank then treat it as null cell .
assigns the equiv log4j level to the tracer
start capturing thread s output .
returns if string ends with provided character .
indicates if the processor is eligible for usage based on provided criteria .
return ith slice
persist the fallbackstorage to the fallbackstoragefile . this method should be invoked only once during build since it is relatively expensive . not invoking it would break the incremental build feature .
calculates required radius of shadow .
return a resultservice when given a resultservice jdom element .
helps out a deletion by appending marker or unlinking from predecessor . this is called during traversals when value field seen to be null .
onechr - fill in arcs for a plain character and possible case complements this is mostly a shortcut for efficient handling of the common case .
convert ptg for watch list .
get inline content as a string else null if there is none
retrieves electronic form and field historic information for the most recent modification .
loads all method arguments before invokevirtual call .
notify the task it has completed
loops through the collection of objects and serializes them iff they have protobufentity annotations .
writes an object to a configuration .
changes the state of the buttons depending on the currently selected file or folder .
the introduction is stored in a text file resource because it is easier to edit than string constants .
try problem logs
sets bundle name for provided servlet request .
loads a properties file and stores it in the application context . the property resource name and the application scope variable name are passed as initialization parameters in the servlet config in the web . xml .
use a third party library as last resort to guess the charset from the bytes .
performs url encoding with utf - 8
filter connections to monitor
create a query parameter with a boolean value .
creates a custom grey - scale binary image format .
create a builddochandler that serves documentation from the given files which could either be directories or jar files . the basedir array must be the same length as the files array and the corresponding entry in there for jar files is used as a base directory to use resources from in the jar .
returns a merge of the given maps and then removes any resulting empty string values ( which is the way to remove say a label or annotation when overriding
adjust the tile matrix set and wgs84 bounds for geopackage format . determine the tile grid width and height
returns the prefix from the given set with the given identifier .
finds the offset of the specified row from the grid origin .
set the debug flags
complete the target with an error signal .
returns all sdc configuration
checks to see if two values are the same
add the global attributes . specific implementations should call super and then add their own .
retrieves a flat list containing all dependencies for the domain i . e . all direct dependencies and their own dependencies .
creates a custom colour image format .
removes duplicate names from bean references .
inserts a string on provided offset .
compute the size of the file without writing
helper method for mutable transaction execution .
obtain the entity value throwing an exception if the entity was not found .
smart copy . if source is a directory copy it to destination . otherwise if destination is directory copy source file to it . otherwise try to copy source file to destination file .
close the stream .
inject a value into an object property
sets the save attrs for sheet .
returns the value to which this map maps the specified key .
delete a blob for gcs
enumerates the names bound in the named context along with the class names of objects bound to them . the contents of any subcontexts are not included . if a binding is added to or removed from this context its effect on an enumeration previously returned is undefined .
get the result of an object path expression as a long .
maintains the collection by removing garbage collected objects .
queue and batch writer main logic . this is where the magic happens .
return the size of the image or zero if there is none
computes the square of the euclidean norm .
execute the drop cluster .
return the websphere user name .
called if its scalar
update the payload to represent the close code and the reason
extract a defaultvalue annotation from the list of parameter annotations
create a table metadata from the current cursor location
returns a salted pbkdf2 hash of the password .
iterator interface extended
get the content from a url . for large returns its better to use getresponseasstream .
returns a flowable that concatenate each item emitted by the source publisher with the values in an iterable corresponding to that item that is generated by a selector .
logic to execute after invoking a cmp setter method on the mbean
construct a unique entitytag . the tag is constructed by concatening the current time with the current thread s hash code .
copies reader to output stream using buffer and specified encoding .
make a http get request to braintree using the base url path and authorization provided . if the path is a full url it will be used instead of the previously provided url .
returns endpoint class name .
selects but allows having a different alias for the output .
get the value as an array .
setup for each request
set the invcatalog to display . the catalog is read asynchronously and displayed if successfully read . you must use a propertychangeeventlistener to be notified if successful .
copies reader to writer using buffer . streams don t have to be wrapped to buffered since copying is already optimized .
returns the contents of a buffer as a string converting ascii characters in the buffer into unicode string characters .
updates the boolean whether it is the mode vague
create a html label .
retrieves the set of ra entity links referenced by the sbbs related with the service .
executes a non transacted end activity operation .
get arraysequence for a member of type sequence .
creates a rotation matrix about the specified axis .
returns preconfigured archiver
computes the average of all the vertexes
close session and release associated resources .
parses a unit specification . this method is thread - safe .
pass on the update on the loading progress to the listening objects
returns method parameters once when method is parsed . if method has no parameters an empty array is returned .
create an evolutions reader based on a simple map of database names to evolutions .
get the raw timedentry for key without performing any expiration check .
replace the ensemble template parameter in a filename
returns an empty subscriber state with - 1 as total updates master as false and server state as empty
given a target and params this method tries to do the reverse routing and returns the uri .
gets the label value at the last level of the hierarchy .
set the prefix for taking an addition action such as spying on an outgoing publication with aeron - spy .
we are running with only ncx index files no data
gets the document representing the dc configuration .
removes the specified request attribute .
open a grib collection from a single grib1 or grib2 file . create the gbx9 and ncx2 files if needed .
it must be executed in the main thread .
performs the copying .
validate the range of session ids based on a high and low value provided which accounts for the values wrapping .
converts an escape sequence into a character value .
computes the closest point on an ellipse to the provided point . if there are multiple solutions then one is arbitrarily chosen .
atomically adds to the size and count if the queue is running in atomic counting mode or sizeable mode and the element is sizeable .
replace all occurrences of any char in replacechar with corresponding string in replacewith
validates the syntax of all el expressions within the given string .
starts the intention selection threads that each handle a pool of agents .
determine whether or not the specified ordinal contains the provided primary key value .
remove parameter with the specified name from request description .
asserts if the current has no value for its name attribute while being a direct child of the top level xsdschema element which is required . throws an exception if no name is present .
parse comment to map
prepares the template by adding the variables .
get the calibration type from the name
iterates all targets .
get the geometry
sets the name associated with this entry .
decodes query name or value .
returns max common prefix of two strings .
saves attachment to the output stream .
bean to json string
if a command line has been parsed calling this method sets all of its options that were set to the specified properties .
specify a handler that will be called for all http methods
returns the user principal name .
returns a random integer uniformly in [ a b ) .
adds one or more facts into the rule .
triggers a replication request .
build chartdata for line chart . chartdata include categorylist and serieslist which used for generate jfreechart .
load the properties from the stream . the implementation will handle comments properly by removing them before properties are loaded .
returns all action results as new set .
initializes the controls of this dialog .
parses stream error packets .
not a thread - safe method . shouldn t be invoked concurrently .
set the width
query for all geometry metadata
prints a usage screen based on set options .
update an existing global field value .
compares two string arrays .
write stationobsdataset xml document
write the end data to the output stream .
places an element onto the requeue buffer .
puts one byte and two shorts into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
read a variable using the given section specification .
adds an enumeration to this composite .
the public index page used for unauthenticated users .
returns the first attribute value for a specified attribute
clean up strings to be used for unit string
returns an instance of t constructed using this constructor with the supplied arguments .
adds the contentlengthtowrite to the total contentwritten size and checks to see if the response should be written .
the layoutinflater oncreateview is the fourth port of call for layoutinflation . but only for none customviews . basically if this method doesn t inflate the view nothing probably will .
lookups pseudo class for given pseudo class name .
decodes one bin from arithmetice code word
indicates if the request is elgible to process a proxy ticket .
write an array of chars
check it s a command comment .
gets the faces cell from body row .
removes surrounding prefix and suffixes .
right pads a string with a given string to a given size . this method will repeat the padder string as many times as is necessary until the exact specified size is reached . if the specified size is less than the size of the original string then the original string is returned unchanged .
get metadata where the name is like
set the angle of the wheel instantaneously . note this does not animate to the provided angle .
determine if this level object represents a level that is higher or more severe that some other level object . for the purposes of the comparison off is considered a higher level than severe .
read the list of files from the index
sum of degree of morphemic freedom of one - character
factory for grib2pds
make this into the equivilent 1d arrayobject of strings .
returns the value of the javax . servlet . error . exception request attribute value if present otherwise the value of the javax . servlet . jsp . jspexception request attribute value .
create the inheritance link with the sbb absract class provided by the sbb developer
prepares member injectors for all injected instances . this prompts guice to do static analysis on the injected instances .
calculate 32 bytes length md5 digest .
returns byte content of the attachment .
get the calibrate data values for dualpol data
bind this binding key to the given instance .
get member data of type double .
acquires a connection from the pool . if the pool is empty then the caller thread will wait for it .
fire a property changed event to the given list of listeners .
map of string header tags reading .
restore all tables from csv files one per table
resolves locale code from locale .
verifies that an command is not malformed
sets the value of the fernwaerme property .
triggers async refresh after some random number of milliseconds have passed between now and the specified maximum number of milliseconds .
return picture to web front end .
static so can be called from static enum classes
sorts the specified range of elements using the specified swapper and according to the order induced by the specified comparator using a parallel quicksort .
add image to memory cache .
converts char sequence into ascii byte array .
stops the aggregatordataprovider instance .
initialize the instance - global audit object
waits for user to press a key before continuing . useful for connecting to a profiler
use only for named fields
determines if the current principal has changed . the default implementation tries
test if all the dimensions in subset are in set
create a new mediaaudioresampler .
copies bytes from this stream to some output until boundary is reached . returns number of copied bytes . it will throw an exception for any irregular behaviour .
convenience function used in all xml scanners .
load the bean from saving .
called from worker thread . processes the incoming queue for read and writes .
getter for targettype - gets the actual target type annotation .
make the header for the text report
remove the given dataset element from this dataset if it is in the dataset .
is a thin grid
accepts single node .
computes the convex hull of the set of points .
stops the webapp serving the provided ws deployment
get the delay that should be used for delaying a response in accordance with configured behavior .
query for geometry metadata within the geometry envelope
checks a string value against this type to see if it is a valid instance of the type .
adds a new belief to the specified belief set .
retrieves the aci cmp attribute
inserts a new item at the end of the vecsicle .
add a list of validation messages for the specified validator .
turns a string representation of the board into a list of characters .
split a string by space
get the file name for the particular time and ensemble index
find the least valid node from a given node . very useful for starting a sorting iterator ...
recalculate max coulumn count across sheets in the workbook .
starts new user session .
print the decomposed parts of the value .
add bindings from guiceable modules .
builds the configuration .
set the height
update the geometry metadata
the logic to fire an event from an slee 1 . 0 sbb
get the coverage data tile results by finding the tile matrix with values
delete the database
convert a zero - length string to null
retrieves a attachment by primary key .
returns a summary row for a whole test run .
changes owner document for given node and all its children .
returns the engine by its name .
get xcolor for automatic fill setting . this is the default setting in excel for chart colors . normally the colors will be accent1 to 7 .
this method sets the desired scaled size of the scalablepicture to the size of the jpanel and fires off a createscaledpictureinthread request if the scalablepicture has been loaded or is ready .
overriden to return the indentity instance of blockingmode based on the stream type int value . this ensures that blockingmode enums can be compared using == .
gets the skey from poi cell .
update an existing date and time field .
store image to the disk cache . if max allowed size is set image may be rescaled on disk .
add a new supported tz . add one aliase with the same name
apply an expression to all elements of a collection creating a new collection as the result .
has the recovery process got a log to replay?
get a grib1tables object optionally specifiying a parameter table in xml specific to this dataset .
pretty prints the board as 3 lines of characters with a space for the empty square .
extract the first name of this reference .
returns true if boxb is contained inside of or is identical to boxa .
for other behavior override this ; use comparexxx routines .
configures the browser window .
create pipeline start event .
the default timebase used by media if not otherwise specified .
this default implementation will send a pong in response to the received ping . the pong frame will have the same payload as the ping frame .
preload the jboss specific protocol handlers so that url knows about them even if the handler factory is changed .
set nullable parameters
computes absolute url of the imported resource .
determines if the character at the specified position of a string is escaped
protecte system database from being replicated
translate a country name into another language .
lists all children of a particular path taking overlays into account
do nothing if date format is not supported
waits for gobbler to end .
string representation .
locates an inputstream for the given uri .
concatenates cssuri and imageurl after few changes are applied to both input parameters .
subtract another matrix from this matrix .
sets the thread running
perform disconnect actions .
obtain the current cublas status by calling cublasgeterrornative and store the result as the lastresult . if the obtained result code is not cublasstatus . cublas_status_success and exceptions have been enabled an cudaexception will be thrown .
add a member variable
starts with the scanner .
create a new text masked field .
if a key is found in propertiesmap then return it . otherwise delegate to the context .
traverses the referencequeue and removes garbage - collected softvalue objects from the backing map by looking them up using the softvalue . key data member .
get the name for the projection type
adds the filter with the given name description and class name to this servlet context .
retrieves the object name for the usage param mbean with the specified name
setter for questiontype - sets the class of the question determined by either an automatic question classification process or human judgment .
this method returns allocationshape for the whole databuffer .
calculates the smallest integer value m such that m^2 > = n . the ceiling log2 of n .
get the onnx op descriptors by name
add the item to the top of the list . if it already exists move it to the top .
binds this variable to the specified value .
rest call to index into es
returns required attachment value from deployment unit .
be sure to call this when your application exits otherwise your process may not exit without being killed .
pops context off of stack after a transaction completes . for internal housekeeping only .
return the set of files matching the stemregex as found in directory . a stemregex does not contain any slash characters or any folder separators .
set the inherited context avoiding to copy all the values every time .
validate and adjust the color value
extension to access a raw byte stream
set the area directory attributes on the variable
initialize the stationhelper .
thanks to heinz m . kabutz
compute the number of occurrences a resource can be found by a class loader .
translates the first defined message .
starts a new connector thread to do?
calculates and logs the size of first numentries in the region .
old execution logic
renders tag body to string .
attach an appender . if the appender is already in the list in won t be added again .
throws an exception if the bucket does not exist or is not readable .
rescales the vector such that its normal is equal to one .
executes count queries and optionally closes query afterwards .
binds the session as a transactional context to the current thread if it is not already bound .
internal version of the wrapping function that will simply propagate all exceptions up .
given a point in x y coordinate space find the x y index in the coordinate system . if outside the range the closest point is returned eg 0 or n - 1 depending on if the coordinate is too small or too large .
remove whitespace from mime containing encoded base64 data .
checks whether the map contains the specified key .
removes all entries from this set . the set will be empty after this call returns .
sets the value of the kohle property .
process the frame if it is a binary frame
set the minimum and maximum random values .
creates new daemon thread factory .
calculate radial elevation of each ray
the background thread that checks for changes to files included by a jsp and flags that a recompile is required .
finds a table that contains given column .
constraint s evaluator string
adds new header value . if existing value exist it will be removed so the store the new key value .
get the recording id for a given counter id .
gets the value of the terrain property .
validates argument index .
returns true if the statusmanager associated with the context passed as parameter has one or more statuslistener instances registered . returns false otherwise .
iterates over the remaining filter definitions . returns the first applicable filter or null if none apply .
assumes only one open at a time ; could have metadatamanagers share open databases
validate that page size is valid and alignment is valid .
processes an include directive with the given path .
evaluates a logical predicate .
get member data array of any type as an array .
log the current total memory usage with the specified priority .
trim whitespaces from the left .
delete any character in a given string .
adjust the tile matrix set and web mercator bounds for google tile format
creates trust managers using the receiver s trust store configuration .
dumprarcs - dump remaining outarcs recursively in reverse order
specifies the the deployable unit this component belongs . this method also sets the reverse relation adding the component to the deployable unit
delete hidden columns in row .
removes one security domain from the maps
adds the given href to the end of the set of hrefs . if the href already exists it is not added .
compute the rho parameter
get the array of per - ray latitudes . if we do not have per - ray position information null is returned .
verifies that occurrence numbers are not negative
build check sum map
read a variable length integer from the supplied inputstream
returns the query string .
find the coordinatesystem with the most number of coordinateaxes
invoke tag plugin for the given custom tag if a plugin exists for the custom tag s tag handler .
finds column descriptor by property name .
lets disable openshift - only features if we are not running on openshift
revoke a permission to the resource .
finds all files and returns list of founded files .
add the specified option to the list of accepted options
returns the string from the plugin s resource bundle or key if not found .
send a message to this agent .
receive notification of cdata .
create an element for a given name
get the result of a future task
order the results in descending order
handle error blob
method to check if all open brackets are closed
registers init method .
close and recreate the jmx connect
converts a line from parametric to polar .
get all geopackage metadata
inits the procedure that listens to pings from other servers eg . that discovers other nodes in the network
specify a string to send to the server using multi - part form data with a specific mime - type .
null means use reftime
build the actual response
upgrade an openimmo document from version 1 . 2 . 2 to 1 . 2 . 3 .
convert the existing configuration values into a map including those specified in defaultprops .
get current value from editcomponent save to store . if different from old value fire propertychangeevent . return false if invalid format add error message to buff if not null .
avoid to close it but rather release itself to the owner pool .
this creates the universal comparator object used for this .
get the current size of the resulting bytebuffer in the bytebuffer list
gets the value of the grundstueck property .
gets the property value .
converts a line segment into a parametric line . the start point will be src . a and the direction will be in the direction of src . b - src . a
iterates all bids .
map the given array of attributes to spring security grantedauthorities .
adds a new namespace .
assembles the distinguished name that should be used the given username .
get the current logger . level .
the following is a workaround until these problems are resolved .
test if a set of slices represent a single position
cuts prefix if exists .
construct a builder to use for loading the given context .
find the earthellipsoid that matches this name .
report the tip to the profiler and collect it in context to be reported by tools like studio
properly unwraps executionexception throwing the relevant original cause . otherwise runtimeexceptions get thrown and checked exceptions get wrapped in a runtimeexception .
compile the jsp file from the current engine context . as an side - effect tag files that are referenced by this page are also compiled .
adds the option to list of available command line options .
helper to create handlers for websockets .
gets the value of the gastgewerbe property .
find the first grid with this name
remove the given href from the set of hrefs .
contains a bufr table entry
performs a http put request saves or updates a document .
fill permission list with role and sub - role permissions recursively .
generates a 501 not_implemented simple result .
injects request attributes .
get upload stream from given http request . this method expects on http request a multipart form with a single part of byte stream type . returns an upload stream instance wrapping the form stream part .
closes folder if opened and expunge deleted messages .
this is a public method .
check level iii file header
make calendar date range using the first and last ending bounds
returns whether the reference collection contains all of the strings in the target collection ignoring case .
validate a value against the set of regular expressions returning a string value of the aggregated groups .
get the bounding box of tiles
returns the properties for a given function
initialize the specified lookups either immediately or when the injector is created .
null - safe extraction of the raw key
get index filename
inserts node at given index .
distance from the point to the closest point on the line .
split a string with respect to a separator character and taking backslashes into consideration .
changes return type .
checks the truth of the given condition checking parameters validity .
returns the prototypes of the attributes used by this class its fields and its methods .
helper method to apply jersey client configuration properties .
sets whether this propertybehavior is in the omit form or not .
specify which variable will get written
merge services of same name with the default service
convert 3 bytes into an unsigned integer .
copies all of the elements i . e . the mappings from toput map into ret if toput isn t null .
removes a node from a polygon if the two lines its attached two are almost parallel
checks if a document exist in the database .
method to invoke with a filename or url of a picture that is to be loaded in the main thread .
get the transitive list of containing groups possibly including this node
process the frame if it is not the last frame
getter for the install actions .
make the coordinate transform
the attribute coordinates is an alias for _coordinateaxes .
send an event to all registered listeners except the named one .
add a message destination to the application
serializes object into source .
split string by white space
internal initiation of addon - fake constructor comes before prepare
manually count the rows within the bounds
get the coordinate value at the i j index .
extracts the accountid .
create background content decoration for the widget tab .
add a principal to this authorizable .
provides a simple depth first walk over a term .
set property .
set the size of this vertex . will not update the size if newsize is null .
turn configcatalog into a mutable catalogbuilder so we can mutate
add all the properties found in the argument named props to an interpretationcontext .
determine the verb we should apply based on the http method being requested .
get type for on values that are plain uris by deducing the type from their parent .
examines all top - level functors within a clause including any head and body and determines which functor has the highest number of arguments .
prepare collection data in context .
writes sub - document lookup values to the record
parse an int within a range
performs a synchronous post request .
convert byte array to char array
load web sheet from inputstream file with data object .
getter for args - gets the arguments for the operator .
unlock this resource with the given lock token .
extracts the raw jndiname value from the given model node and depending on the value and the value of any use_java_context child node converts the raw name into a compliant jndi name .
returns table alias for provided table reference .
returns template variable name and value pairs extracted from the specified actual uri .
convert from code in string type to label
reads the next four bytes .
returns true if we are in openshift s2i binary building mode
populates the map with headers used to disable cache .
sets the slope to the unit vector specified by the provided angle .
return a runner that haven t been used at least for the configured number of milliseconds .
get http request from current request context .
generic request builder usually used when method is a variable . otherwise use one of the other static request builder methods .
convenience method for obtaining the attributes in a more usable collection .
determines default value of request param or request header if available .
keys are expected to be sorted
rename the geopackage metadata to the new name
binarizes the dataset such that any number greater than cutoff is 1 otherwise zero
start schedule task
write grib file to a netcdf4 file . experimental .
sets the number of items to be displayed on the wheel .
get the icon id either from the existing icon or by inserting a new one
converts local date to date .
resolves column db sql type and populates it in column descriptor if missing .
creates a group and all its associated resources .
processes the given value into the corresponding group - by element of the aggregator .
intend to use epsg system parameters
removes last child node if contains just empty text .
gets the value of the klimaanlage property .
loads resources from the module class loader
decorates a processor which will not be applied on provided patterns .
calculates color for specific position on time picker
remove the given member
adds existing search path to the file list . non existing files are ignored . if path is a folder it will be scanned for all files .
sets the specified object as the value of this attribute . the value to set must be a legitimate member of this attributes type when the type has been finalized . if the type has yet to be finalized then the new value is added to the set of possible values for the type .
converts a constraint to a human - readable value .
gets approximate memory usage of the lzencoder base structure and the match finder as kibibytes .
retrieves a map of the bindings . key is the aci name and value is the activity context handle
suppress access check against a reflection object . securityexception is silently ignored . checks first if the object is already accessible .
starts pipeline with the specified stream object that flows through this pipeline .
based on the the annotation type its either entitymanager or entitymanagerfactory
read a variable length long from the supplied inputstream .
print a standard comment for echo outputed chunk .
get the internal storage file for the file path
returns default ssl socket factory allowing setting trust managers .
converts the modifiers to a specification string for keystroke .
re - do the last undone operation for a specific rich text editor
commands the player to fulfill the command
replace one string with another .
setter for endsection - sets the end section of this passage within the document that contains this passage .
setter for id - sets the id of the concept type .
parses a inputstream representing a json and return it as a jsonnode .
unbind the resource and wait until the corresponding binding service is effectively removed .
encodes a version using some logic .
clean file dump . xml qian . xml uidump . xml in tmp folder
validate service dependencies .
converts bytes to hex string .
estimates probabilities given a set of counts of occurrences of symbols .
retrieve the coordinatesystem with the specified name .
returns true if any of the nested conditions contains fieldname
get the table s schema as a json object
instantiates a shutdown hook of the given class and sets its name .
private method to add member values to annotation
sets the system information with the given key value pair
returns all values associated with the name .
returns a vector with all of the elements in every nd array equal to the sum of the lengths of the ndarrays
create an empty arraysequence for missing data
setter for args - sets the arguments for the operator .
rather than the current 1024x768 this should be changed down to 200% .
create a new decimal spinner field .
http get json from given url resource .
method for checking if this du contains any component that is already deployed .
this method can be called multiple times .
set the value of a property .
returns the list of target files . either by using the producer or by simply returning the internal list .
check the mouse action is within the screen region range .
add an individual field from an object schema . this field will be either excluded or included depending on whether this is an exclude or include filter respectively .
get a geopackage manager
copyins - copy all in arcs of a state to another state
returns the persistent class for type itypename as orientedgetype instance .
make deep copy from a structuredata to a arraystructurebb whose data is contained in a bytebuffer
computes the value of t used to specify a point s location
scans classes inside single jar archive . archive is scanned as a zip file .
creates an sslsocketfactory for https . pass a keystore resource with your certificate and passphrase
sets a cookie .
method that detaches all fields contained in the document to the given object .
creates a temp file which has a certain extension .
sets the bindings for this namespace context . the supplied map must consist of string key value pairs .
gets the result possibly from the session putting it in the session if necessary . also will recursively prepare the session with
calculate the distance between the goal by summing the distance between each cell and its goal .
convert a long to an array of 8 bytes .
create a new directory in the given parent directory .
checks to see if a
retrieve the primary key value for the specified ordinal .
pooling 2d implementation
sets the footer of sheet configuration .
register a new model with the storage manager
verifies if there at least one sbb entity attached
escape the characters necessary for a path to be valid for a url
push the passed sfsb context handle onto the invocation call stack
in this simple proposal we re not testing complex iterations of scan cursor . scan is simply a wrapper for keys and the result is given in one single response no matter the count argument .
get all the stations within a bounding box .
parses the save attr .
push the given goal to the given stack .
uses isminimizeenabled configuration to compute minimize value .
area of a quadrilateral computed from two triangles .
detail your error msg with the error msg returned from response command
returns a list of all matching files .
returns the job xml file names which contain the job name .
create a new 16 bit single channel image
enlarges this byte vector so that it can receive size more bytes .
removes the mbean
drop the connection to the remote host and release the underlying connector thread if it has been created .
morph bind type like int == > int so it can be used in a cursor getxxx method name . never called at runtime .
adds a child tree to the children of this point in the tree . if this is already a node then it remains as a node . if this is a leaf then adding a child to it must promote it to become a node . this implementation supports turning leaves into nodes .
gets the or add tie cell in map .
parse the das assign attribute tables to the dodsv objects . nested attribute tables are supposed to follow the tree we construct with dodsv so its easy to assign to correct dodsv .
determines if the affordance has unsatisfied required variables . this allows to decide if the affordance can also be treated as a plain link without template variables if the caller omits all optional variables . serializers can use this to render it as a resource with optional search features .
check that not both elements have been defined
roll back the current transaction . transaction mode is closed .
releases a frozen database .
send a message .
is this a parent of the other group?
gets servlets meta data from jboss web meta data . if not found it creates new servlets meta data and associates them with jboss web meta data .
remove all of the keys passed .
formats provided string as paragraph .
implementation of self creation for guicebuilder .
provides a positional depth first walk over a term visiting only when a goal predicate matches .
factory method which requires all mandatory fields .
register a new protocol name for this factory that humble . io will use for the given protocol .
closest containing group structure sequence
invalidates this stage and all subsequent stages if not already done so
called by the parser bolts
triggered validation process before actions like save or submit .
grabs the last items after the sort .
the main method which executes the program .
adds additional edges to the accessibility graph that allow static cdi - enabled modules to inject beans from top - level deployment units
returns a list of values for this record as they are written into csv .
returns the page for the url . the page consists of the protocol host and path but does not include the query string . the host is lowercased but the path is not .
special here is not the same as reserved
make a standard gmt string representation from this unit and given value .
execute a read operation
evaluates a script .
checks if there s any matching route .
generate an error based on the parameters
bind this binding key to the given provider instance .
gets the levelname .
read the file and place contents into a byte array with any error messages put in the return string .
write an element or attribute name .
set the context classloader for the given thread
writes an int array if not empty .
initial anchors map for specified workbook . excel put the chart position information in draw . xml instead of chart . xml . anchors map contains the information getting from draw . xml .
utility to create an error status for this plug - in .
special configuration used internally for struct emulation
test if http request is from android .
execute an accumulation along one or more dimensions
clones each list item into a new instance with copied fields . it is like doing a clone operation .
expect that a response header matches the supplied name and value .
constraint has field extractor and this method is returning fieldname it .
builds advice field name .
set the geometry type
specifies the url to validate the credentials .
event for when connection is closed .
divide this complex number by another one .
retrieves electronic form and field historic information .
when the bundle gets activated we retrieve the osgi properties .
modify the transaction associated with the target object such that the only possible outcome of the transaction is to roll back the transaction .
returns a new persistentvector of the given items . this data definition method is one of the few methods in this project that support varargs .
1 .. 55 chars . anything goes .
takes a previously encoded password and compares it with a rawpassword after mixing in the salt and encoding that value
set a flag to true or false .
returns pipeline &amp ; stage configuration definitions this will fetch defintions based on the hidestage filter
execute the sync cluster .
if the preferredordinal has not already been used mark it and use it . otherwise delegate to the freeordinaltracker .
write the content type header to the specified output stream .
convert this slice to a string suitable for use in a constraint
writes records as response specifying a fetch - plan to serialize nested records . the records are serialized in json format .
returns the stemmer to use .
retrieves a configuration by key .
remove an edge from this vertex
inserts node after provided node .
initializes this processor by setting an upstream subscription that ignores request amounts uses an unbounded buffer and allows using the onxxx and offer methods afterwards .
sets the javafx application instance to be provided by the cdi beanmanager .
throws fstbuffertoosmallexcpetion in case object does not fit into given range zero copy method
gets transactional graph with the database from pool if pool is configured . otherwise creates a graph with new db instance . the graph instance inherits the factory s configuration .
the minimization is can be switched off only in debug mode .
~ = contains than operator
parse content type parameters . given parameters expression should be valid accordingly grammar from class description ; it should not start with parameters separator that is semicolon .
bypass the given flow using the given splitter function .
given a list of metadata files merge them into a single metadata file . requires that the schemas be compatible and the extrametadata be exactly equal . this is useful when merging 2 directories of parquet files into a single directory as long as both directories were written with compatible schemas and equal extrametadata .
convert list to array never returns null .
disconnects a client connections
get a node s left child . mind you the node may not exist . no problem
revert a set of keys to the empty state . will loop on this several times just in case the memcache write fails - we don t want to leave the cache in a nasty state .
this could be refactored to use core . typetype class and it would run faster . converts an object into a map
cuts the string from the first index of provided substring to the end .
puts key - value pair into the map with respect of appending duplicate properties
returns an initializable for an instance that requires no initialization .
delete by base is and geometry type
start up the health monitor .
returns the value to be used as the url for indexing purposes if present the canonical value is used instead
return the elements under a given parent element whose tag matches any of the given names . when no child names are given all child elements are returned .
some of the links i have seen from ssp are not well formed . try to convert any urls to a usable form .
creates a json response from an exception . response body will have information about the exception and response status will be set to 500 .
tmp dev methods
exports the trackinfo to a hashmap
wrap the content values names in quotes
sets the value of the alterattr property .
get crash log from aut
replace variables with given pattern .
calls a named static method on a class with a specified set of parameters .
removes stacktrace elements related to aop internal mechanics from the throwable s stack trace and any causes it may have .
retrieves the system property for the fluid specific trust store .
sets all the border values .
removes destroyable bean from the list and calls it destroy methods . if bean is not destroyable does nothing . bean gets destroyed only once .
convert java properties to jodd props format
use when dimensions have changed to recalculate the shape .
return a cpuarch from parsing a gnu autoconf triple .
execute given query .
calculate the crc of the entire byte array
save data to object in context .
check if a class already exists otherwise create it at the fly . if a transaction is running commit changes create the class and begin a new transaction .
add a field created by the user .
converts edited timevalue to media timevalue
validate row .
transform to collection object .
add a datarootext to in - memory tree .
log a message at the trace level . default values are used for all other parameters .
adds string type system property to ant java task .
create an invmetadata content object from an org . w3c . dom . element . the content object is an arraylist of cataloggenconfig instances .
prints the current indention and then the string and a \\\\ n .
called from sfsbprecreateinterceptor before bean creation
munge this catalog to remove any dataset that doesnt pass through the filter .
replaces a row with one or more results .
this method returns an array consisting of each of the training samples for each label in each sample the negative log likelihood of that value falling within the given gaussian mixtures .
add cache dependencies
build a tree from the entries .
when sending a request will call this method to sign with server .
atomically sets a new subscription .
set the position in the file for the next read or write .
create a new paragraph html field .
sets the value of the platzart property .
parses the next word . it returns the word parsed if any .
set constructor is accessible
adds a new document to the replicator database .
evaluate a filter with respect to a sequence record .
section reading for member data
returns the target file for a given artifact type and filename . this method takes care about eventually creating non existing directories or protect existing files to be overridden .
determines whether a given otp is of the correct length and only contains printable characters as per the recommendation .
get all the vertices in graph of a specific vertex class and all sub - classes only if ipolymorphic is true .
parses out the properties of a selector s body .
serialize a rollup event and append it to the file .
this always returns the row groups
tests whether or not the specified abstract pathname should be included in a pathname list .
find an existing join for the property or create a new join .
creates a new logger .
load a profile from an input stream . this must be in yaml format
unbind the entry from the injected context .
configures logback with the configuration xml read from a given file
encodes a byte array into a bse64 string .
sizes numentries of a replicated or local region or all the entries if numentries is 0 .
converts a plane in normal form into a general equation
process the frame if it is the last frame
canonicalize a part of a url
groups together all the data blocks for the same hdfs block
extracts the primary key from the specified pojo .
check if the name of the parameter is allowed for the given resourcetype .
returns the parent of the given deployment unit if such a parent exists . if the given deployment unit is the parent deployment unit it is returned .
initializes dir watcher by reading all files from watched folder .
add this coord as a dimension to the netcdf file
check whether there is an active transaction .
returns value of property using active profiles or default value if not found .
write records to potentially different schemas and tables using el expressions and handle errors .
initialize security properties
create a geopackage metadata from the current cursor location
parses the save attr string .
perform a keys - only query .
gets the faces row from body row .
the xmldataimporter requires a connector to connect to the artemis broker .
log a message at the debug level . default values are used for all other parameters .
add a new field of type string to this instance of the wrapper . this method is used for model elements that are following the normal java - beans - standard i . e . the model fields are only available via getter and setter methods and not as javafx properties .
set this matrix from a 2 - d array of values . if the rows do not have the same length then the matrix column count is the length of the shortest row .
this version also checks to see if we are done and we still need to call the trigger . if so it calls it .
gets list of jaxws ejbs meta data .
creates an unicastsubject with an internal buffer capacity hint 16 and given delay error flag .
constructs a jndi binding object from the cos naming binding object .
sets the state and timer task executing thread of this timer
return slider indicator position for currently selected item
loads and configure the urlfilters based on the storm config if there is one otherwise returns an empty urlfilter .
calculates the sum of the values in the given array .
get tab type .
sets the cell value boolean .
headerimpl setter methods
must be called by extending classes to store and collect in one go
matches any exchange
creates an osymmetrickey from a file containing a base64 key .
set the list of runtime coordinates ; add any that are not already present and make an empty coordinatetimeabstract for it
convert a new content object to an internal version .
split a string by pipe
show the value of a double to the significant figures
merge bits of a to b
adds text editor for rules and rete graph viewer
processes an array of maps .
unread catalogrefs are always kept .
creates new web resource collection meta data and associates them with web resource collections meta data .
updates an existing flow step .
sets config name and config file .
sets up the jline console reader .
convert an integer passed as argument to a level . if the conversion fails then this method returns the specified default .
child observers will observe the events of the connectableobservable on the specified scheduler .
returns true if all the active playbackmodes are supported
adds a filter to the filter list for the or operation . a packet will pass the filter if any filter in the list accepts it .
checks that fire event methods can be invoked
call this to parse a das
convert the given exception to an exception that play can report more information about .
removes a response manager because in timeout .
set the parameter config
animate to the small view
set a property . the property will only be set if writable . if the property or this athorizable is read only nothing will happen .
returns a collection view of this map s values .
sets the operation parametres based on a map of values .
tests if current expression is an indexed funciton and that function can also be executed without using the index
query for the bounding
returns property with resolved variables .
performs a http post request .
this methods allows the reset of the connection lost timer in case of a changed parameter
return for just the current entity manager invocation
wrap a region of an underlying log buffer so can can represent a claimed space for use by a publisher .
reads the target and creates destination class .
returns the temporary rid counter assuring it s unique per query tree .
setup the selector thread as well as basic server settings
compute the natural logarithm of x to a given scale x > 0 . use newton s algorithm .
discards any cached principal for the collection of credentials satisfying the given predicate .
return ugi object that should be used for any remote operation .
calls destroy methods on given beandata . destroy methods are called without any order .
get the canvas for the layer index
remove the non - cloudsearch - legal characters . note that this might convert two fields to the same name .
decode a base64 value
takes an object and serializes it to a byte array . don t enforce that it extends serializable to allow for lists and maps to be passed in .
setter for concepts - sets the list of query concepts that make up this abstract query . the list is ordered .
watch list serve for formula changes . basically all the rows appeared in the formula in the current sheet will be watched . note if the cell reference is from other sheet or workbooks it will be ignored .
creates an object pool for the specified profile table . if a transaction manager is used then and if the tx rollbacks the pool will be removed .
converts the raw position to a position within the wheel item bounds .
method to invoke with a filename or url of a picture that is to be loaded a new thread . this is handy to update the screen while the loading chuggs along in the background .
register the cluster internally .
get the array element at a specific dap4 index as an object
copies the data from the provided source array into this array guaranteeing that if the update is seen by another thread then all other writes prior to this call are also visible to that thread .
section of regular variable
sets the value of the keller property .
refresh data for single cell .
gets the value of the wohnungkategorie property .
lookup an allowed transition given its name .
returns a wrapped ocommandrequest instance to catch the result - set by converting it before to return to the user application .
change the password for the currently logged in user .
sets the value of the mainemail property .
accept datasets whose last modified date is at least the last modified limit of milliseconds in the past .
removes the mapping for the specified key from this cache if present .
encode int without header tag
advance current json value to specified value of current json object . set current json value to null otherwise .
this method requests release toe status back to tack .
add a property for the given function
capitalizes the first letter of the string passed in
define the definitive url constraint expression unescape function .
add each object of typed null to simplebindings so that script languages can use constants such as null_integer null_long without importing other files .
looks for the station with given id . if found makes it current . redraws .
called if an exception occurs at any stage in the process .
get access element of the specified service type for this dataset . if more than one get the first one .
render view as a string
write the current object and vendor - specific data to the output stream .
1 anonymous element array_element
sync and extend
find the tag that matches the code .
rollbacks the given micro - transaction .
constructs a new service url . the default implementation relies on the cas client to do the bulk of the work .
read a long in little endian format
find the named service declared in the top level of this catalog .
find first variable with given attribute name and value . if not found search one level into structures .
the result from paypal s request .
apply the default header for a message in a term .
calculates the component size based on the fullt size and color subsampling of the given component index .
end pwc 6512276
converter jtx transaction mode to db transaction mode .
reads utf - 8 encoded characters into an array .
has the member achieved a quorum view to be a suitable candidate in an election .
match has different semantics than urlcompare
extracts and returns the time unit from a string . if the string doesn t include a unit it returns null .
sets whether this propertybehavior is in the keep all alive form or not .
appends the descriptor corresponding to this type to the given string buffer .
returns the corba object for a remote object . if input is not a remote object or if remote object uses jrmp return null . if the rmi - iiop library is not available throw configurationexception .
the children must already exist
should we use sessionid s?
detects integer . max_value and prevents oom exceptions
replace the value of this resource with a new value optionally of a new type .
setter for sections - sets content of sections in the document .
create a new parallelsorter object for a set of arrays . you may sort the arrays multiple times via the same parallelsorter object .
removes the single row in sheet .
build sheet comment from command alias .
consults an input stream reading first order logic clauses from it and inserting them into the resolvers knowledge base .
sets the year component of the timestamp returning the new timestamp with updated component .
checks if locator is recently inserted in the discovery layer
add skipped cell into the list of a region .
register a resource adapter deployment
performs basic validation on a descriptor
creates and return a project in openshift
factory method for creating a unit converter .
write an error chunk . if mode == dmr then replaces the dmr else reset the current chunk thus losing any partial write .
returns an output stream for the requested file .
set the channel field in ascii
process annotations and merge any available metadata at the same time .
sets the value of the apisuchfeld2 property .
gets all design documents from desk .
moves to the write mode using specified object . the current java transaction will be suspended .
send given content string as the http response .
top - level runloop for workers called by forkjoinworkerthread . run .
builds parts of the query in the where clause for the the partitition column .
the fundamental query count operation . this doesn t appear to be implemented in the new sdk so we simulate with a keys - only query .
sets the new current dependency & adds it to the state .
utility method to copy a stream to another stream .
tries to shut down the reasoner within the specified time
parse the remote host port of the channel .
find cell validate attributes .
get previous bounds
get the security name for the given subject .
finds one entity for given criteria .
create a validator builder for com . helger . genericode . v10 . codelistsetdocument .
close the sql and elasticsearch connection .
process the json response from the request .
create special batch by salvaging memory structures when pipelines gets into un - recoverable error .
read the next nb bits and return an unsigned long .
close the connection if the received handshake was not correct
returns the value of the record at a certain index position .
add two complex numbers in - place
returns object reference .
compares this prefixname with a string .
set up workbook . also create evaluation wrapper .
copy single row .
tries to resolve all proxies .
add an object that is to be owned by this object .
returns whether the event contains the specific descriptor . this method also checks whether it matches the type .
gets the cell helper .
gets the chart helper .
loads properties from a file .
get generator config
read the result of a data request . only one variable at a time .
adds method injection point .
set primary key values to query . this is called only for update and delete operations . if primary key value is missing in record it throws onrecorderrorexception .
close the database connection .
return if the given method name matches the mapped name . the default implementation checks for xxx and xxx matches .
run a block of code with a newly created entitymanager for the default persistence unit .
set a flag2 to true or false .
create object copy using serialization mechanism .
adds to the state without setting the dependency .
calculate a position given an azimuth and distance from another point .
pings the apache sling server url looking for an ok status . returns true once that ok status is received .
is this my file?
use this when this is a one dimensional array of structures or you are doing the index calculation yourself for a multidimension array . this will read only the ith structure and return the data as a structuredata object .
get a config value with a default
gets a unit by either name plural or symbol . retrieving the unit by symbol is attempted before retrieving the unit by name because symbol comparisons are case sensitive and hence should be more robust .
get the table s extended column properties
invokes the provided function for each detected css import .
executes update insert or delete queries and optionally closes the query .
parses a packet extension sub - packet .
creates the comment anchor .
cancel image loading for a view .
finds the first occurrence in an array from specified given position .
events of level trace debug and info are deemed to be discardable .
determines if the point on the same plane as t is contained inside of t .
creates configuration by looking up in servletcontext attributes . if none is found a new one will be created using the configuration factory .
copy declared methods from one class to another
get the bounding box in the feature projection from the bounding box in the provided projection
closes current transaction .
method to generate a valid helm2 of this object
synchroneous method to load the image . it should only be called by something which is a thread itself such as the htmldistillerthread . since this intended for large batch operations this bypasses the cache .
dumps single byte to output stream .
attempt to exit from an already switched user .
creates a completionstage that returns either the input stage or a futures .
get a user mapping dao from a table name
load a map from binary stream
sends to the server a new stream element . this operation may be requested several times so we need to encapsulate the logic in one place . this message will be sent while doing tls sasl and resource binding .
computes the start of the next stack frame . this depends on whether the most recent stack frame is an environment frame or a choice point frame as these have different sizes . the size of the most recent type of frame is computed and added to the current frame pointer to give the start of the next frame .
waits until the global write lock can be acquired by the specified transaction .
the value buffer is allocated so that the size of it is multiple of mini block because when writing data is flushed on a mini block basis
generate a file by assembling components .
creates char sub - sequence from the input .
converts the given identifier to a legal java identifier
return requested calendardaterange .
input arrays must have same number of dimensions
registers a hint .
if we are testing then track the sessions for kill
this method converts multiple functionproperties to flatbuffers representation
non - blocking publish by gathering buffer vectors into a message .
return the partition keys of all the sub - tasks .
change uuid to null to prevent its serialization to disk .
sax resolveentity api .
conducts a binary search to find the index where object should be inserted .
cycically extract a word of key material .
parses the date .
adding new variable to the netcdf file
adds all counters of the argument to the corresponding counters of this object . the counters should not be directly modified other than using this method during this operation . the counter in the argument will be reseted after this operation .
get difference between two calendar dates in given field units
constant time comparison to prevent against timing attacks .
create a new logging filter without using the new operator . will make the dsl look nicer .
only called from synch methods
creates a new stoprequest
get the hosts that are not considered down in a given list .
deletes the whole path going through directories
this implementation shows the problem with current design of locator implementation . needs to be changed .
for optimization purposes do not use to benchmark processing time or in a regular program as this methods creates a temporary binaryoutputstream and serializes the object in order to measure the size .
overridden to provide proxying capabilities .
indexed getter for hitlist - gets an indexed value - hit list of search results sorted in descreasing order of relevance score .
generic way to send a message to the underlying iosp . this message is sent after the file is open . to affect the creation of the file you must send into the factory method .
the value of the parameter at sample invocation time formatted according to conversion configuration .
query for the feature tables linked to a tile table and return feature daos to those tables
check if this is a valid file for this ioserviceprovider . you must make this method thread safe ie dont keep any state .
sets a set of candidates for selection .
gets a param and value .
appends cc addresses .
get an enumeration of the parameter names for uploaded files
unread len bytes
create a datasetfilter jdom element
returns a copy of this alist with elements in reversed order .
update relative include paths corresponding to the markdown file s location in the folder structure .
compute if synchronous scan is needed . true if recheck is true and enough time has elapsed .
method to stop all background loading
adds the specified element to this queue waiting if necessary for space to become available .
get the column with the specified id .
returns true if this function has place holder inputs
sets the value of the garagen property .
intersect with another date range
parses the validate attributes .
this is only public because it is used from the impl package ; don t use this as a public api
set content id if it is missing .
returns all values all of the values the given request parameter has .
lookup the message with the given id in this catalog and bind its substitution locations with the given string .
get the name of an alternative field for an alternative stream .
clears the map resetting the size to zero and nullifying references to avoid garbage collection issues .
create a handler for serving welcome content
return the elements under a given parent element .
sets an array of objects parameters in given order .
method will print the node and then iterate over the children
creates a referenceentry instead of a hashentry .
writes the character array to the file as a sequence of bytes . each character in the string is written out in sequence by discarding its high eight bits .
get the indexed types that are currently indexed
compares two values in external form to see if they are equal . this implementation uses the equals method and assumes neither value is null . subclasses can override this to match differently .
registers destroy method .
search for a resource using the classloader passed as parameter .
remove last file
parse a rotation request from an iiif image api compliant rotation string .
gets the first playlist if found in the eventmodel
check its an acceptable form of email
cleanup evolutions for the given database .
extracts the authorities
write out a scalar or array structure instance
gets the concrete value
from panning so wait delay msecs before doing the redraw .
retrieve configurations by looking up in property param first then environment variable .
returns the current file offsets . the returned offsets should be set before the next read .
defines filter for many flags at once .
locates first dot after the last slash .
schedule periodic task execution .
called to upload new blob data to the server .
gets the value of the image property .
get the docker registry where the image should be located . it returns null in openshift mode .
query for rows within the bounds
replace any char out in s with in .
gets the length of the multipart message including the given parts .
submit a html form based http request body with json as a response .
removed the java and class files for the tag prototype generated from the current compilation .
start the animation thread
return y x ranges
given a key return the corresponding property value . if invoked with the special key context_name the name of the context is returned .
delete a variable attribute . must be in define mode .
registers jmx bean for current manager .
returns the char resulting from swapping 2 bytes at a specified offset in a byte array .
this method returns if device side has actual copy of data
this is the master method that delegates requests to handlers and makes sure there is a response to every request . you are not supposed to call or override this method in any circumstances . but no one will stop you if you do . i m a javadoc not code police .
checks if locator is recently inserted in the token discovery layer
make the prefix by guessing the port from the osgi settings
retrieve the form fields via form definition id .
creates an indexed add operation using the specified address and index
this may be a result of color greening out in long gops .
registers table reference for provided entity .
set the data array for this member .
set a root vertex . if root does no exist in the graph it is added .
generating system user login id string .
returns the set of timers attached to the ac
gets input parameter info which is part of the url mapping be it request parameters path variables or request body attributes .
get metadata where the name is not like
converts byte array to char array by simply extending bytes to chars .
set the lock timeout value in seconds . pass - 1 to clear the value pass - 2 to set infinity . set the integer value for the timeout key .
just provide the default implementations
sizes numentries of a partitioned region or all the entries if numentries is 0 .
given publicid vvcccccfhc scans filename for a line like yk . vvcccccfhc . user = alice and returns alice if found . null is returned in case there is no matching line in file .
returns the next element in the iteration .
ncdump that parses a command string .
useful for generated file names and generated work directories .
returns the exception associated with this page context if any .
returns an already prepared sql execution plan taking it from the cache if it exists or creating a new one if it doesn t
finds the basic blocks that belong to the subroutine starting with the basic block corresponding to this label and marks these blocks as belonging to this subroutine . this method follows the control flow graph to find all the blocks that are reachable from the current basic block without following any jsr target .
appends chunk to previous one and maintains the double - linked list of the previous chunk . current surrounding connections of this chunk will be cut - off .
get the most valid node from the specified node
remove a member from an array if found otherwise return the array unmodified .
cancel the repair against a record because the update succeed .
find scan geometry associated with sweep_angle_axis
load the system catalog files .
lookup a key from the environment .
get the short name of the specified class by striping off the package name .
find pair bracket position .
adds the ability to change the volume from outside the player
gets the fully - qualified class name of the tag handler corresponding to the given tag file path .
create a valuemembers array for typecode creation only and return it .
set the component create service factory for this component .
add a type to be included in the diff report
return the current host internet address .
turn the key into a string and return the corresponding featuretype if any .
remove both backup and primary configuration files on delete
reads the bootstrapmethods attribute to compute the offset of each bootstrap method .
if a set of slices refers to a single position then return the corresponding index . otherwise throw exception .
make deep copy from sdata to another structuredata object whose data is self contained
create a scala function wrapper for connectioncallable .
poll the response stream once for an error . if another message is present then it will be skipped over so only call when not expecting another response .
update an existing barcode text field .
registers one or more default links for a specific relation type . these links are used when no links with this relation type are provided by the server .
method to stop all background loading except the indicated file . returns whether the image is already being loaded . true = loading in progress false = not in progress .
computes the area of an arbitrary triangle from 3 - vertices .
find the dodsv object in the datavlist corresponding to the ddsv
iterates on all factories and append all function names .
get the tile row results of tiles needed to draw the requested bounding box tile
used by iosps
parse the given xml string and return the root element
handle the xts - environment element
defines filter for bcc field .
find first variable with given attribute name and value
resolves content type from all data .
get the raw value of the tail for the current active partition .
returns a directional counter .
defines a resource that represents elytron - compatible key managers that can be exported by a jsse - enabled domain in the legacy security subsystem .
determine the size of the data .
move bytes left or right of an offset .
add an incoming or outgoing connection to this vertex .
adds to the environment for the current context . record change but do not reinitialize orb .
gather special attributes .
appends the classpath onto the command line .
this method handles walking lists of lists .
get a timer of the given string name for the given thread . if no such timer exists yet then it will be newly created .
create a request add headers and content then send to httpsession to do the bulk of the work .
resize source to desired target dimensions using default resizing filter algorithm .
obtain a gemfire jmx client
scan for subdirectories make each into a directorybuilder and add as a child
returns a usage string for the jill command line arguments .
returns collection that contains at least all individuals that are in ontology but either are removed from taxonomy or their type nodes in taxonomy were removed .
output the specifiedd dmr or dsr or ... but xml only .
pushes a new object to the top of the catalog .
appends char sequence to the buffer . used for numbers nulls booleans etc .
get the transitive list of containers not including this node
sets the response s headers specifying when using the keep - alive or not .
add the time amount to the given date return a new date .
given three points find the circle that intersects all three . if false is returned that means the points all lie along a line and there is no circle .
copies target method annotations .
cdl representation of netcdf header info non strict
estimates the wheel s new angle and angular velocity
defines the gravity for geometry - based operations . see documentation for more details as this option works in conjunction with various options in different ways .
process command line .
pushes an item onto the top of this stack .
defines a plane using a 3d rigid body transform . + z is the 3rd column the rotation matrix . the plane s point is the translation . the plane reference frame is the x - y plane .
creates the parent directories of a file . if parent directories not specified in file s path then nothing is done and this returns gracefully .
returns this propstat s status .
returns the abstract type corresponding to the given public api frame element type .
pseudo - randomly advances and records the given probe value for the given thread .
closes all connected clients sockets then closes the underlying serversocketchannel effectively killing the server socket selectorthread freeing the port the server was bound to and stops all internal workerthreads .
stores a collection of beans . the beans are stored using simple bean properties . the collection of beans must all be of the same class .
returns an image descriptor for the image file at the given plug - in relative path
update an existing decimal field .
get the icons for feature id from the icon mapping dao
read the object from the input stream of the serialized object
returns this agent s top level goals .
appends suffix if doesn t exist .
get the currently selected rows .
builds jboss agnostic ejb meta data .
deserialize the grib1record object
populates the users that have been added .
read existing file
cancel the timer if exception is caught - prevents useless stack traces
shuts down the task engine service .
helper method to upgrade both http stages to the jerseyconfigbean
define the definitive url backslash escape function .
perform retrieval of metrics from appdynamics using specified parameters .
an element is expired if the transaction started before the current window being processed and if no records have actually been sent to the pipeline . if a record has been sent then a commit was seen so it is not expired .
gets the value of the datenverkabelung property .
adds a client to the collection of those being tracked by the server .
finds a configuration file by system property
create an invmetadata content object from an xml document at a named url . the content object is an arraylist of cataloggenconfig instances .
start the background thread that will periodically check for changes to compile time included files in a jsp .
returns the plural form of a name . regular rules are used to generate the plural form .
finds the distance between the two line segments
returns system property as an int .
opens an existing file or resource .
truncates an ndarray to the specified shape . if the shape is the same or greater it just returns the original array
assign dimensions to a variable
calculates the number of ascii characters that will be needed to represent a specifed signed 32 - bit integer .
remove selected fields from a uri producing a new uri
strips leading and trailing char from given string .
parse feature elements from a featuremanager node trimming whitespace and treating everything as lowercase .
get the demuxer this demuxerstream belongs to .
gets slice of a string .
read all profiles found in the classpath .
generates a fresh buffered image of the appropriate type .
split a string using the given separator
get the current row
updates the bean . detects special case of suppliers .
instantiate iceservers if they are not already and add ice server to beginning of list .
defines a resource that represents an elytron - compatible key store that can be exported by a jsse - enabled domain in the legacy security subsystem .
copies all of the mappings from the specified map to this one . these mappings replace any mappings that this map had for any of the keys currently in the specified map .
called when target not found . by default sends 404 to the response .
delete user mappings by related id
compute the next randomn value using the polar algorithm . requires two uniformly - distributed random values in [ - 1 + 1 ) . actually computes two random values and saves the second one for the next invokation .
returns true if the domain component of an email address is valid .
by default redirect does not allow writing to output stream its content . in order to support this use - case we need to open a new connection and read the content manually .
converts a tx status index to a string
perform smtpappender specific appending actions mainly adding the event to a cyclic buffer .
there are two different criterion for if a property is null or checking equality . this is a convience method to return the one based on if value is null or not .
create a new geopackage metadata
returns a pixel buffer of a suitable size to hold the given video frame . the video size is taken either from the video metadata or by analyzing the incoming video packet .
takes write cache performance data from last snapshot and aggregates them with data passed inside method as parameter . result of aggregation of performance data is returned inside of passed in performance data and as result of this method call .
read into dest byte array until buffer is full or end of stream
read a section of the data for this variable from the netcdf file and return a memory resident array .
gets all classes that are eligible for injection etc
compile a structure array .
encodes the specified cookie into a cookie header value .
count the number of fields of a structure that already in this view .
get an efficient iterator over all the data in the structure .
load the regular expression stored in in regexp . properties resource file .
returns the constant from the numerictypes interface that best expresses the type of an operation which can be either numeric or not on the two given objects .
compress the bitmap to a byte array
get generator context
method to generate a valid helm2 string for the third section
prints to screen any variable information to be viewed .
user should overide it to provide different name for instance for boolean \\\\ is \\\\ prefix
does not clear templatenames .
try to consume the supplied token against the supplied content and update the in comment parse state to the supplied value . returns the index into the content which is after the token or - 1 if the token is not found .
does this channel have a tag match to another channel including endpoints .
save the bytecode for a class to disk .
is currentclass present in the list of packages considered part of the logging framework?
eventually i would like service initialization async .
solve ax = b for x using the gaussian elimination algorithm .
gets the value of the objektzustand property .
formats and the given values adding padding symbols if necessary . the given array may be modified but the values themselves are not modified .
checks if is need restore .
rewrites action path .
creates an instance of the named component factory .
for user triggered content assistance
get the current device architecture
gets the each command from parts name .
fetch the content for the specified content id .
add a field that edits a date
appends single filter as not .
adds a new constant_nameandtype_info to the constant pool of this symbol table .
update the mask so as to execute change detection code about once every 100 to 8000 milliseconds .
creates an osymmetrickey from an inputstream containing a base64 key .
first one override
name the datasets in the given dataset hierarchy using this datasetsource s list of datasetnamers .
write an array of floats
causes the platform to update guvnor decoration notions .
if you need to wrap a regular java array outside this project to perform a transformation on it this method is the most convenient efficient way to do so .
sets the value of the propertystatus property .
invoked when a client makes a bad request .
close the connection of the fresh select connections
adds the given field editor to this page .
main method to extract gf stats to file
multiplies this unit by another unit .
easy null - safe conversion of the typed key .
places an element onto the requeue buffer in the acquired state by the specified owner .
returns the size of the dataset in bytes . will be zero if this dataset is a collection or non - existent .
returns true if this function already has defined arguments
get metadata for the table
executes actions scheduled to run first after commit succeeds
returns true if the selected file or directory would be valid selection .
parse the content of a given reader into an xml document .
obtain a dse cluster instance .
converts a line from parametric to general
constraint field string
get the polygon fill paint for the feature style or return the default paint
pop a file from the file stack . the field current is retored to the value to point to the previous files if any and is set to null otherwise .
generate the list of values from a starting value and an increment . will reshape to variable if needed .
adds a constant_long_info or constant_double_info to the constant pool of this symbol table . does nothing if the constant pool already contains a similar item .
perform the configuration of the transport provider .
process the frame if it is a continuous frame or the fin bit is not set
set this limit for this buffer as the position at which the next append operation will occur .
an alternative way to create a cookies object from the constructor .
simply test if the request is authenticated against the channels deploy keys
outputs an int into a byte array copying only the bottom 24 bits of the integer . the top sign bit is lost by this operation so this only works on positive ints below 2^24 .
create a copy of the puzzle where the blank swapped with the value in the target position
clean up everything after a shutdown
null ports can happen for ignored mappings
create an evolutions reader for the default database from a list of evolutions .
binds pojo to odocument .
obtains the web application - specific fragment of the url .
indicates if numeric values in this unit are convertible with another unit .
ensures that the entity content is fully consumed and the content stream if exists is closed .
removes the specified name from the set of names bound to the ac
performs hmac and encryption to initialize the session .
fixes accent char .
performs a http delete request .
dump out the missing data
get documentation for given keyword .
returns the list of databases on the connected remote server .
add a single column definition .
upgrade an openimmo document from version 1 . 2 . 4 to 1 . 2 . 5 .
returns a transactional orientgraph implementation from the current database in thread local .
given a lat lon point find the x y index in the coordinate system . if outside the range the closest point is returned
renders attribute .
add default headers to the request . if request already has a header set default header will be ignored .
retrieve all abstract methods from a class
converts an annotationdata into a validatormetadata pojo .
find the index file using its canonical name
this is a helper method that controller implementations may find useful for moving to a new screen . it places the screen into the panel that this controller was built with replacing any existing screen changes the underlying state to reflect the change to a new current screen and calls the new screens initialize method .
get input cell value . none input return blank
add all entries in the other session to this one
find an immediate child dataset by its name .
get the message at the first defined key .
copy from a fs input stream to an output stream . thread - safe
set the viewing hints for this resource .
return - 1 if we have completed .
returns shorten class name .
prepares parameters for further processing .
explains why an ontology inconsistency is entailed . if it is not entailed the returned proof is empty .
copy cell .
gather rows mapping by full name .
checks to see if the given scope is valid .
check that two array shapes are conformable . the shapes must match exactly except that dimensions of length 1 are ignored .
processes a specific event on specified plugin .
save the token using java preferences .
is this date before the given date . if ispresent always false .
check consistency of the current ontology if this has not been done yet .
uses the calldestroy function to destroy the context . destroys the current context if name is empty .
check if the given point is contained in already drawn object
add a global attribute of type array to the file . must be in define mode .
returns a copy of current database if it s open . the returned instance can be used by another thread without affecting current instance . the database copy is not set in thread local .
get cookies iterator . return empty iterator if not cookies on http request .
returns petite bean property value .
gets a access token from auth0 .
unmarshals the sequence of method parameters from an input stream .
print a section of the data of the given variable .
fetch the keys from the async datastore using the current transaction context
assign all of the elements in the given ndarray to this ndarray
returns a response from a service request .
browse the stream but just return the begin of the byte array . this is used to lazy load the information only when needed .
create a canonical path that does not contain parent directories current directories or superfluous directory separators .
creates a rotation matrix about the y - axis .
returns a list that contains all models that reference the given template .
resets the value of the result to its default value .
adds validation checks .
creates a read - attribute operation using the specified address and name .
sets the value of the gastronomie property .
get the derived width and height from the values and icon data scaled as needed
query the database record set .
clear all bits to 0 .
return a datasetnamer when given a datasetnamer jdom element .
find the earthellipsoid that matches this epsg id .
create a server for the router returned by the given block .
stops execution of the pipeline after the current batch completes
sets the value of the einzelhandelklein property .
changes the size of the data structure to the capacity proposed .
return the transpose of this matrix .
creates random string whose length is the number of characters specified . characters are chosen from the multiple sets defined by range pairs . all ranges must be in acceding order .
return item selected by this pixel position
create a bulkinserter
returns the userentry matching the provided accountname . if the accoundid is not found an anonymous userentry or null may be returned .
compute the next position of xmid .
overridden to just get the count and nothing else .
create a new index based on a permutation of the current indices ; vlen fails .
sets host header from current host and port .
collect invocation meters from application managed classes .
method will strip the metadata from the text string
creates new user constraint meta data and associates it with security constraint meta data .
join recursively using the split property path .
get index file may be in cache directory may not exist
prints the authorizationurl the user will open the url and obtain an authorization key . when prompted the user should provide the authorization key .
thread safe set operation that will set the bit if and only if the bit was not previously set .
gets the value of the anhang property .
finds the parent barbershop type in the supplied set if any .
atomically clears the container then disposes all the previously contained disposables .
removes the range between start and end from the handler list that begins with the given element .
returns an instance of this class based on what configuration says our driver should be .
gets a key for the given type member and annotations .
update the record .
changes amount of memory which may be used by given cache . this method may consume many resources if amount of memory provided in parameter is much less than current amount of memory .
return the applicable system system identifier resorting to external resolvers if necessary .
deliberate choke point for debugging
returns the output value from the noise module given the one - dimensional coordinate of the specified input value located on the line segment .
constructs a tuple of a b
get the detail information
gets the child of the specified element having the specified name . if the child with this name doesn t exist then null is returned instead .
gets the value of the objektkategorie2 property .
writes stored name to json string . cleans storage .
adds a dictionary entry via a reader object
returns the distance of the closest point on the line from the origin
retrieve the getter against the protobuf class ; default is to is get plus upper case first character of the field name .
gets the first progress if found in the eventmodel
this method returns tracer names that have been defined explicitly via settracelevel from tracembean
collects all action runtime configurations .
build a zip file containing the added entries .
create a writer builder for com . helger . genericode . v04 . codelistdocument .
create the treepath corresponding to the given treenode .
adds the title to the html file .
appends an element to array .
one attempt at executing a transaction
puts a byte into this byte vector . the byte vector is automatically enlarged if necessary .
clear all the grid cells
returns fresh usagetimer just reset to zero accumulated time
retrieve the coordinateaxis with the specified axis type .
determine the spring - boot major version for the current project
detects if alias is defined in annotation and registers it if so .
parse the directory and it s sub directory .
add pojo module if we have any bean factories .
evaluate the expression .
returns true of the the point is inside the triangle .
return an inputstream allowing access to the resource at the specified context - relative path .
this is like getbytearray but for int arrays .
returns all the extension implementations in the specified injector .
extract variables map from variables body .
accepts if a file is going to be watched .
abort a claim of the message space to the log buffer so that the log can progress by ignoring this claim .
call this to parse a dds
appends alias .
add an actionsource listener
compute the shape inferred from a set of slices . effective means that any trailing vlen will be ignored .
retrieve the form fields via form definition name .
euclidean distance of closest point on ellipse to point p .
encodes a value so that it won t contain spaces commas and equal signs .
to be invoked after the main execution logic of concrete subclasses .
private method to cache all the frames to improve memory footprint and conversion time
get last collect object from full name .
launches the debugger as a stand - alone swing application .
set the threadpool name . used to generate metric names and thread names .
returns a set view of this map s keys .
finds the point of intersection between two lines and returns the point .
clears all settings and removes all created bundle files from file system .
determine size of hash table capable of storing the specified number of elements with a load factor applied .
finds maximum frame of a sequence by bisecting the range .
append two vectors returning the result .
given a list of metadata files merge them into a single parquetmetadata requires that the schemas be compatible and the extrametadata be exactly equal .
create a new flow step view rule .
checks if the user has the permission to access to the requested resource for the requested operation .
helper for sending out state change notifications
executes an application .
deferring to the schema for named ones .
this resets the work queue capacity . this requires recreating the work queue and threadpoolexecutor so this needs to be called before doing any work with the pool .
returns the plain string representation of this identifier with quoting removed from back - ticks
returns the injectors for the specified injection points .
retrieve the file name for a system font .
validates a http response ; on error cases logs status and throws relevant exceptions .
escape the 5 entities defined by xml .
replaces all occurrences of a character in a string .
helper method for playlistselector
compares the content of two character streams .
gets the value of the bevorzugt property .
create a subcontext including any intermediate contexts .
replace contents with given values
gets the value of the ausstattungsqualitaet property .
removes all substring occurrences from the string .
takes given parameters references and returns reference set for given method or constructor .
look how come we arent using metadataextractor ??
delete an existing flow .
adds many query parameters at once . although it accepts objects each value will be converted to string .
returns a filter that selects those declarations selected by both this filter and another .
set thetask for this wrapper
get the file of the slide rel for a slide number
add new basevertex to the graph
gets the value of the feed property .
forces this agent to enter an idle state irrespective of whether it has any active intentions or not . the agent will continue to remain in the suspected state until some event forces it to become active again at which point it will resume operation .
takes storage performance data from last snapshot and aggregates them with data passed inside method as parameter . result of aggregation of performance data is returned inside of passed in performance data and as result of this method call .
infer the name of the jms destination based on the queue s address .
gets security constraints meta data from jboss web meta data . if not found it creates new security constraints meta data and associates them with jboss web meta data .
get the component type of a collection .
get a tiled gridded coverage data use the coverage data pixel tile size as the request size width and height request as the specified projection
add elements of two arrays together allocating the result array . the result type and the operation type are taken from the type of a .
creates url pattern list from passed string .
gets the value of the anbieter property .
string representation of the channel status .
sets the value of the modus property .
creates a jettison jsonobject from a graph element .
returns the localname part of a qname which is the whole name if it has no prefix .
strips out icc profiles .
replaces the very last occurrence of a substring with supplied string .
remove a dimension using its name in this group only
stops and records results of timer which counts how much time was spent on operation of flush pages in write cache .
get the channel field as ascii
sets the value of the jahrgang property .
handles the a request to start playing music via event
used to extract the class name from the vertex s field .
this method computes whether a chain of converters handles exceptions or not .
populates this form with an existing value used for edit forms .
process select item attributes .
create a ntlm authentication scheme .
escape non - iso characters for an ir name .
invalidates the layout indicating that if the layout manager has cached information it should be discarded .
tests to see if the two vectors are identical up to a sign difference
lists the properties set from the most recent parsing or an empty string if no parsing has been done yet .
redo the variables against the shared coordinates
reads size amount of bytes from ch into a new bytebuffer allocated from a buffer buf
returns a collection containing all elements of the iterator .
returns a normalised value of the content attribute for the refresh tag
this method returns the current memory state
performs injection .
iterates all targets and for each target iterates all in injection points of given scope .
merge the two set try to use the optimum case
returns a string with all page scope variables .
registers the springsecurityfilterchain
adds the servlet - api integration filter if required
get the named file . if exists or iswritable return it . otherwise get corresponding file in the cache directory .
get an existing client or create a new client to handle http request .
gets auth0 normalized user profile info .
register callback and deduplicate it if any .
checks to see if the two geotuple have values which are nearly the same . false is always returned if the dimension is different .
writes content to the writer .
creates empty files at the specified paths or updates the last modification time of the files at the specified paths . named after the unix command of the same name .
writes page with given page index to the cache and eventually writes it to the file .
method to parse the given helm2 string in the case of an invalid helm2 notation exception is thrown
return the ceiling value of the given complex number
maps a value onto a quitnic s - curve
hitting cropping rectangle .
checks if two objects have the same name . the check is case sensitive .
make a http get request to using the base url and path provided . if the path is a full url it will be used instead of the previously provided base url .
write out an array of atomic values
opens the database
creates wav header for the specified audio format
generate the catalog for a resolver request of the given proxydatasethandler .
wait for up to a timeout limit for the predicate to become true on the specified object .
use field to column mapping option obtained from configuration and update columnstofields and columnstoparameters .
copy an entire directory tree .
initial chart map for xssf format file . xssf file is actually the only format in poi support chart object .
parse select item attributes .
resolves loading rules .
specify current application user . this value will be hashed to ensure privacy . if your application does not have user context then nothing will happen .
populate attributes .
generates a usage string consisting of the name of each option and each options argument description and comment .
to work under intellij .
inject request parameters .
null is returned in all other cases and means authentication was unsuccessful .
create se3 using axis - angle for rotation and xyz tanslation
evaluate a filter with respect to a sequence record . assumes the filter has been canonicalized so that the lhs is a variable .
